 
Let the Children, let the Children
Let the Children be set free let the Children, let the Children
Let the Children
come
to me Let the Children, let the Children Let the Children be set free let the Children, let the Children Let the Children come to me To their father to their mother To home their family
Let the children, let the children, let the children be set free...with the special fight against the children's ward and what they are doing here in Tønsberg.
And in the last days they have profiled themselves as very victims, these children's ward managers and employees in the children's ward down here.
So we have to discuss a little and then we talk a little about this problem here.
Per, what did you start with?
How did you get into this with the children's ward?
How did you get an insight into this?
I have been very much for a safe children's ward after the protection of children.
I have been engaged for several years through a association of two parents who fight for children's rights
to have good contact with both parents after the collapse of the society.
So
I have been very engaged in this with children and
I never thought
I would be the one to feel this on my body.
In short, I had worked a lot with a vaccine that
I myself got in the military and worked a lot with evidence around there.
And therefore
I was one of the skeptics around the pannebriks vaccine in 2009 that
I had documentation
on that you would get a vaccine before you started the vaccine project.
And there was a doctor who was disagreeing with me and he abused the children's ward to frame me
as one who
tried to deliver the documentation that
I had.
And
I understand that people were critical that time.
One thing was in the media and I was on the news.
And
I thought that this was very simple to say to the children's ward that they can read the documentation themselves.
But that was not the case.
They started to criticize me and went to school when the teacher was on the track.
If you know that
I was active in that science.
So they asked straight away if it was him who was the focus.
And the children's ward replied that it was not him.
It is somewhat disconcerting, but we do not often have to say anything about that.
And then
I suddenly noticed that teachers and other parents, because this spread quite quickly, either in my opinion are violent or pedophiles.
Because the children's ward is such a serious case that when you think about it, it must be something terrible in the eyes of the picture.
And then it was just that it was an opponent who had put in a warning.
I complained to the police and I got a hold.
The children's ward was angry and started a new case three days after the case had been stopped.
And on the same content as before.
And then they had to stop again.
So that was my experience.
They lost the children's ward.
The story showed that being critical of these pandemic vaccines, they got it right.
I paid out some hundred million in compensation for those who got narcolepsy.
It is sad that you can not lose the children's ward in such a situation.
And I was actually done with the children's ward then.
It was out of my life.
Then I was out in the city one night and was going home a little early.
I drove the car, but I was hungry so
I went into a pizza restaurant.
It was a pizza restaurant.
It had been there once before.
I was very impressed by the person who stood behind me.
He had control of 100 people who ate.
He delivered pizza and took money and managed the whole store and those who made the food.
I was so fascinated by him.
But then there was one day
I came in there.
It was a very empty room.
Everyone looked very nervous.
It was a strange voice when
I came in.
I asked where the boss was.
I usually call him boss.
He kicked on my shoulders and then he pointed at the back room.
I went in there and saw him lying under a bench crying.
I asked what had happened to him.
He was most concerned about me and I asked if he needed food.
He hung his head on me and said that the children's ward had taken my children.
I do not understand why.
The wife just cries and cries.
They were from Turkey?
No, they were Kurds.
They had come as
refugees to Norway.
They had three children who were very close.
The father had a contract with the place where he worked.
He had to make pizza during the day and sell it
at night.
The wife was alone with the children.
She was tired.
The children found something
else to do.
They jumped out of the window and ran to the street in the middle of the city.
They smiled at the world as children do on the flight.
Exciting, but there was also a witness.
She saw the children and sent a concern message.
She profited from this with the children's ward.
The children's ward contacted them and sent letters,
but these were Norwegian letters and did not understand the difference between advertising and letters.
They did not meet.
They tried again and after a while they came to pick up the parents and started talking about violence.
That the father had killed the mother.
He asked for help to read and understand what was written.
I said that
I knew how difficult it was to be Norwegian
in this system.
I started reading and saw how crazy it was.
It is very strange that the children's ward is addressing a family that they do not know is Norwegian.
They do not understand that
I am a professional.
I show the will to solve a case, instead of giving them documents they do not understand.
Everything was in Norwegian.
This was a code that maybe not even
Norwegian could understand.
They think they should communicate.
Here comes humanity.
They have not worked on this case.
When
I started reading he did not trust the children's ward.
He said they were lying.
At the first meeting he asked me to join.
I felt the children's ward from before.
For our own
safety
I put on my earphones and hid the
microphone.
I did not say anything.
I was just trying to be sure of what
I said.
I did not want to abuse the interviewer.
When
I came to this meeting it was just the interpreter.
She took me in her hands and said that she would help the family.
The children's ward is lying.
They really need help.
The interpreter said that at the first meeting.
I thought what in the world is this?
I was sitting
at the meeting with this interpreter.
The interpreter started talking to me.
She said that she would not speak to the children's ward until they were back.
That was decided.
We could help them with their grief.
The parents at the meeting
I was at had another child.
They were at home.
They were told to forget the three children and focus on the new one.
She said something that
I thought was horrible.
She said that the siblings in the blood and the names share genes but otherwise they have no other relationship.
I was shocked.
I have this on camera.
We were supposed to meet later and
I was supposed
to be there.
It was critical that
I was there.
They were supposed to have a meeting right before the meeting.
But that was never held.
I had to tell the family about the Norwegian relationship.
I told them not to say that we miss them.
We have a tendency to repeat ourselves many times in this culture.
So
I told them not to say that we miss them three times.
I drove them to the summer camp.
I was told that they were allowed to come here.
If they came, we would stop the meeting.
I decided to go back but
I told them that the aunties were there and that the movie was the most possible.
I am very happy about that.
Three children came running and threw themselves on the parents' arms.
They called their mother and father.
You can see in the report that there is no answer between what is written in the report and the video we have.
I think it is very special that you can't trust that the people who are there as the witnesses describe the current situation.
They describe what they have received from the children's ward.
That it will be the story.
They know that it is a self-confirmation.
They focus on the negative.
That there was a high volume.
That there was little structure and organization.
If you haven't seen each other for a long time, you will have a sense of regret.
Consequently, a negative angle.
I have referred to this video many times.
I have delivered 11 copies to the children's ward.
They have said that they have not seen it.
They have had a few changes from the children's ward leader.
They have said that they will look at it on Christmas.
Even with 11 copies, they managed to get to the district council and say that they have not seen it.
They lie.
They are actually vulnerable employees.
There are criminal law that goes on with this.
With false documents and lies.
Yes, and that is what it is.
There are no legal consequences for these lies.
And there is no one who will go in and look at why they do it.
They have their own agreements.
It is special when the case lawyer comes and clings to the mother of two children.
And has a very close relationship and goes close.
I would not treat myself like that towards a case lawyer.
But here it happens as a friendly relationship.
Between the case lawyer and the mother of two children.
I find it strange that it is not more professional.
You see that the loyalty lies with the mother of two children.
I have also noticed that the children talk on the phone.
The children say that they are muslims.
The children say that they eat pig and pig is good.
Then the father replies that they do not eat pig, they eat goat and chicken.
But not pig.
I eat pig and
I think pig is good.
I eat sausages.
Then you see that the children actually
promote loyalty.
How long have you been in foster care?
It started to happen early, but
I have been in foster care for five years.
I have talked to the children's ward.
They have promised that the children would come home on June 19.
Even with the lawyer in place.
Suddenly there is a return of the boy who is locked in foster care.
He is locked in a room and has not seen it six times now.
Then suddenly it is said that we will have a new investigation.
Then there is a case that has not talked to me.
I am full power for them.
You see that it is a complete lie.
They have had several incredibly bad lawyers.
It is something that happens again.
You think that you are being taken care of by a lawyer.
Then you see that the lawyer this family had now works in the foster
care.
He has a number of assignments for the foster care area.
Where he is also working for the foster care.
They say clearly that we should
win here and we should stand on this.
To jump back a little bit.
What made me very engaged was the first meeting.
I understood that the children will never come home.
I thought that we had to go to the media.
But it was the first meeting.
I went to NRK Vestfold and had with me both mother and father.
We talked a lot and NRK Vestfold was interested in this case.
We said that they were allowed to check and call the foster care office.
What surprised me the most was that after they had pounced on the foster care team leaders.
I was suddenly called to the foster care.
Suddenly I received a concern letter.
A new letter from?
No, they had taken up the vaccine case from
2009.
There was a man who had used it as an
example letter.
He had sent it to some senior council.
He was Trønder, he had sent letters with full name.
He had used the old concern letter from
2009.
Suddenly it appeared.
It turned out that it was not a concern letter.
But then the foster care started to examine me.
To get me as a foster care officer for the family.
Very professional.
Yes, it seems that it is possible.
I did not think it was possible.
Suddenly I was told that this case started with me.
I had been through this case two times before.
This time
I said
no. You are not allowed to talk to the foster care, you are not allowed to talk to the children.
Which is my rights.
I said no. But still they break all the law.
They contact NAV, the pre-trial police.
They contact the police and get the documents.
I did not know that they were there.
I had been a witness in a foster care center in Westfall.
In a case when
I was a youth leader.
They got medical papers.
They got them at the school.
Without full power and without foundation.
I complained to the foster care officer, but I use it for a very long time.
Then they started the investigation in February.
It was at the end of April, beginning of May.
They already stated that foster care should be taken care of.
Against you?
Yes, I had foster care for my two children.
Then the mother of the children started a child law case against me.
At the same time as the foster care case.
And a hasty child law case.
Find the most possible to occupy you, if you do not get help.
Maximum yes.
It starts to get so absurd.
Then you see that the lawyers do not go in and say what are you doing?
You understand after a while that these lawyers are close friends.
They earn money if you win or lose a case.
If you have a case, you earn money.
And that's how it was here.
It turned out that the lawyer we used, the Kurdish family
I chose, He was one of the close friends of the foster care lawyer.
Very close.
They drove these cases.
I put out the documentation
for the maps they made.
There was all the evidence that spoke to my case.
I show my lawyer, look here.
Here it goes against itself.
Here is the law.
Then he says, I do not think the other lawyer has seen that.
Then it goes on for a week, the foster care has withdrawn the child law case.
But they stand as witnesses in the child law case.
The actual expert in the child law case,
He takes on the role of saving us.
So he takes his own job.
He comes to visit home.
I had nine witnesses, the district attorney.
Many of them stood as witnesses for me.
Then
I had to withdraw from the other case.
The case was that the psychologist used the foster care as the only witness.
He dropped all my nine witnesses.
Then he managed to write that
I had some paranoid business presentations.
I thought the foster care had started a case on me without basis.
Then he wrote that
I had some grandiose business presentations.
Because
I thought
I had knowledge about the pandemic vaccine that no other doctor had.
This was long after the epilepsy cases came.
So I gave him the documentation on the documentation.
But still he refused to see it as the writer.
He did not want to see the documentation?
Yes, he read the documentation, he got the documentation.
But still he wrote it.
He was quite new as a psychologist.
And then he gets more assignments if he delivers what the foster care asks for.
As you can see, all the nine witnesses who were supposed to tell who
I was and how
I was related to the foster care, He allowed them to talk.
So even though he got to see the video recordings of the Kurdish family
I worked with, and that it was a powerful case, he did not want to see any evidence?
It is typical that they look for something that confirms the foster care's views.
They do not want to see videos, other documents, other ways to see things.
It is like tunnel vision.
They do not see the reality, they just see it.
And where is the evidence for that?
Yes, it is obvious that you should establish a viewpoint instead of checking what is here.
And I
am a person with a lot of interests.
And when she comes home to me and sees what
I had at home,
I have a room full of musical instruments, and
I have a boat in the Hagan and Campinghallen.
They did not see anything, even though
I showed them pictures of what we had done as a family.
The only thing they saw in my house was vaccines.
And therefore it was important to take from me the children, because I knew that there was something.
But you see, they do not open up the perspective of what interests they have, music, cars, boats, many things.
They see that vaccines are just that.
There you have the self-confirmation system.
And I see that something that the Children's Accounting Commission, which checks accounts reports, is that they must have a little bit of a wider perspective.
They must not follow one theory, but look at alternative ways of understanding things.
And if they have not done that, then the report is not approved.
No, and what worries me is that we have a child care system now that has a review role.
If the review role is law, they go in and review the field they do not have the competence to do.
And they say that the more difficult aspect of vaccines, for example, there are people who have never taken this topic and will criticize it.
And I can say that
I have studied and proven the connection between the development of MS and vaccines,
but they thought
they had the knowledge to say that this is just a joke.
Even then, I know from the documentation from Haukland and all the exhibitions
I have been to, so they may have recognized it.
And that surprises me very much.
They are overestimating other expertise, and they do not value it.
It's like, the way
I think it is, that's how it is.
Period.
And then you can wonder, if they start calling you paranoid, who is actually paranoid?
It's pretty weird.
They are the experts who should have the knowledge in the field, and then they are completely focused on one thing, and they do not see anything else.
What is shining through is the fear of being separated from the norm.
Experts who dare to claim something that they see in research, they are not those people.
They just pull where
others have pulled before.
I do not know if they have any general skills at all.
It is young people, now you were a team leader who started this case, and it is a threat that if you choose to take this for granted, we will have a case, but we demand that you transfer the case to the mother.
When it is a case that has been in the court and has been treated there, and the child should live with me, it was 60-40 years ago, and it is close to 40-50 years.
But then there is a case that will try to overdo it, but will allow us to take it for granted.
I put on 8 axis on these meetings, I have these, so
I have no problem showing it.
And a case like this where the witness comes with such statements, I lost my main concern, they were transferred to the mother.
And that is fine by itself, but
I had to complain about this case to the people.
But they took an incredibly long time, and it was the child care treatment that
I had complained about.
And then the child care in Tønsberg, the lawyer who had filed this illegal case against me, took out the papers that he thought were relevant for the prosecutor's review.
And you cannot get any closer books than the Havresekker.
And then
I was pretty much
on the prosecutor's side.
I asked about different things, because I was well into the case, and the prosecutor said that he had not received the papers, and that he could get copies of the papers.
And then
I had to deliver all the documents that the lawyer had kept away to the prosecutor.
And finally they come with a conclusion after the child care case was over, that the child care had broken paragraphs 4,3 and 6,4.
They had started the case without a basis, and that is a lot of work.
It takes almost no time to get it, but it was documented that it was a false case.
And that they had brought in information from the different parties without permission.
And then the law was broken.
And I had gone out into the city and seen some locals, and
I had seen pictures of Forskia and the children's care center and so
on. And then I won.
And
I sent this to the prosecutor, and he was
there to keep it.
And he told me to take it over for the trial.
What surprised me was that
I went to the court and told him that he could not order this
ex officio child care case.
Now it has been documented that the whole case was illegal.
So that you strike that verdict, and then
I get a message that it lives its own life.
So you have to start a new case against the mother.
And then you will win because of what has happened.
Now we have spent 200,000, and then you get a calculation of 400,000. That is the system.
So I chose to do it, and
I thought that the children are so big that they do not have to pay any attention to it, and that they are also losing
in this situation.
That they are also misinformed.
So I let it be.
But the fact that you can stand and hold up fake documents in court without my lawyer pointing it out, and then show that he has not written a case report to deliver in court, so it was meant that I should lose.
Because this is the man who now has a job in the childcare system, and then you start to see that it is unethical people who get jobs in the childcare system, and their goal is just to win and win.
And then you ask if there is an intention that Transpa-Kommune is a municipality that has been in Robeck for a long time under the administration of the municipality, and therefore we have had a lot of acute placements here.
The economy is shining through, because when you place an acute foster home, the state is paying, while if they are going to put in an application, then it is Transpa-Kommune.
And therefore they do not put in an application, and they call it the best of the children, but it is the best of the Transpa-Kommune economy.
And that is quite a demand.
Yes, and
I think it is difficult, and what is even more difficult is to get this out in the media.
If you have a child welfare agency walking around and saying, this is very difficult, we do not want to take any action.
We had the city administration here in Tønsberg who were very good, and then the municipality changed their mind, and then they sent the press office to select them for a little fill-in, but that did not take much of the resources to answer the paper, so they did not dare afterwards, and then they changed their mind with less announcements if they continued with child welfare agencies.
That is quite a lot of pressure.
Yes, and Tønsberg's paper that has been given full access to this, they have refused to write about it.
I have been
there many times, and
I have not commented hard on Tønsberg's paper, but I get a little pink frame now that says that your posts will not be published in the debate or comment section.
Tønsberg has excluded them.
Yes, from the comment section.
And I am not interested in knowing about these attacks.
I have talked to the journalists many times, and they just complain that we are not allowed to write about it.
That can only be called corruption, camaraderie.
Yes, of course.
It is Tønsberg's municipality that is responsible for and runs such illegal activities.
Yes, and I am very well known in Tønsberg.
I know the mayor around here, I know the mayor, and
I have talked to them many times about the problem.
And then
I see that they have, I do not remember what it is called, the little scheme that
I can be
harmed by this, I am the one who is out to check, and if the answer is no, they will stay away.
So in the beginning many people came to know if they could
be dragged into this.
And then you see that politicians, the administration and so on, are running a false game.
And that, I do not remember, it was a case that with one of the people who came to the conclusion that the case that was run was illegal, then
I was stigmatized in the whole of Tønsberg.
So I made the conclusion on my Facebook page, and then with the name of the child welfare leader, the team leader and the spokesman, on this.
And then two days, two days of work, the councilor in Tønsberg takes me to report me for violation of honor by one of them, who was responsible for running
a false case against me.
And it was not a case of trying to clean up, but it was a case of reporting me to the police.
And this just gets more and more wild.
The new child welfare leader was also given the task of following up on this case, so they have taken screenshots of comments
I have written and others have written from my side, and delivered to the police.
And then I got even worse.
I got a friend request from a man to the child welfare leader.
And I replied, no, so nice of you to come.
I salute your wife.
A little bit of work she had taken, because
I had a lot of faith in the child welfare leader, who has now become known in Norway.
But that's another thing.
So I was very positive.
And it turned out that he had snuck up on my side, and pressed the legitimate button.
He said that maybe
I had made a mistake, and that it was good to salute her.
But then
I got a phone call where
I really got a response from the child welfare leader, because
I had contacted
her family.
I tried to give the apology I got, and say that it was he who contacted me.
You can get the log.
So
I printed out this letter here, and wrote a letter to her.
I explained the situation, and how you would have judged yourself, if I had done it the way you did yesterday.
I put a mirror in the mirror, and thought about learning from it.
It was nothing more than what
I wrote.
It didn't take long, at least, before
I was reported to the police for insincere defamation.
And then it went on for three or four days, when she realized that it was her husband who had contacted me.
And she fired him.
But then the legitimate leader was the one who wanted to have a visitation ban.
And then
I had to meet the judge, and
I didn't get to know what
I was charged with.
Because she had rejected the appeal.
And then
I was standing there with someone who was trying to get a visitation ban on me, without me knowing why.
And in the end it turned out that this child welfare leader, who was a private person, and not an official person, was the least you could get.
And I was the one who was in charge of the FRP, in the board.
And that was not supposed to have any impact on my political work.
It was not supposed to have any impact on anything that
I was allowed to attend.
And then
I was invited to
a meeting
for the election, for the one who was in charge of the child welfare service.
And the child welfare service was supposed to make a lot of money, and I was interested in that.
And then
I was invited by the next leader
in this election.
And then I thought, it's very interesting, there were many parents who were going there, who were in a situation with experience from the child welfare.
So I was hurt, and
I went to the intervention, because then
I had that little visitation ban.
And then
I asked the judge, if I was allowed to attend this meeting, so that there would not be any misunderstanding.
And the judge said, of course, you can come, there is nothing to say.
It's written here.
And then I called the person in charge, who had started this, and asked if there was anything to do.
So that there would not be any uproar in the city council hall
, I would just sit there as a member, I would not do anything.
And he seemed completely uninterested.
And
I talked to him, but I recorded both of them, to be sure.
So
I sat behind that hall, and then the child welfare leader started playing the acting.
She flew around with the phone, and waved and ran.
The executive leader comes over to me and says, you are allowed to be here.
I said, yes, I will not say anything, but it is written here that
I am allowed to be here.
And then
I realized that this is a top trim.
And then I sat so far back that
I could see over the hallway, and there were two police officers.
And
I just went out and met them, and talked a little with them.
We had a good tone of voice, and then
I was allowed to be at that building
until eight o'clock the day after.
I was in the middle of a fight, but I followed them, of course.
So, they used, actually abused the police.
And the police are ruthless, they also, when they are about to break into the building
I live in, and knocked on the wall, and hit the windows, and shouted on the outside.
And I was not
at home.
They were supposed to put me out, it was a weekend,
I think it was Sunday.
And then they called me, and said, hey,
I am from the police, so
I answer, are you at home?
No, I said, I am not.
Are you sure about that?
Yes, I am in Larvik, so
I am not at home.
And then you have to come to the police office so you can put me out.
And then they started to do that.
But I don't want to say what it was.
So, they used, they uniformed the neighbors.
Yes, to create difficulties, to stigmatize and silence bad lighting.
People are not so attentive to how this system is abused.
No, and then you see that those who work in the children's ward, they enjoy being leaders together with the police.
And they talk together, they have a blue light evening,
as they meet these people who are in this office
, so they are close friends.
And it is impossible for the police to start asking critical questions to the children's ward employees.
They don't do that, they protect each other.
And therefore, you can abuse this without having any consequences.
Yes, but it is good, because you have seen these reports in Tønsberg Bladet and around here, both when you, the police officer, give evidence that you were right, and how this child ward chief, or Fishe, she is called, Fishe, how she is the most prominent, and tries to give the impression that she is a victim.
The shame on me is that
I have to have protection.
They set up such an artificial facility that they are so cruel that they get to blackmail everyone who criticizes the abuse they actually do.
Yes, I think it is strange.
I have talked several times with the mayor of Tønsberg, the ward chief, and the leaders of different political parties.
Everyone knows what is going on. And I have said that
I would like to be a part of it.
I have been at these election meetings for over two and a half years, and
I have been in the political administration of the child ward, but nevertheless they pretend that I am not there.
There are several who are there, and they do not want dialogue.
And I have said that
I can meet anytime to sort out what
has happened and give documentation, but I am not interested in that.
They just let the child ward office do what they want, and after
I have managed to see the budget, there are several that are quite good, because there is no insight into the child ward budget, but in Lille Tønsberg
I think it is 190 million kroner.
That is a lot.
No one knows where the money is going, how much goes to lawyers, and here we have a municipal director who says straight out that we do not make a main budget, we only have a light version, because there is no politician who reads the main budget.
That means that no one has control over the child ward office, and there the money can flow to whoever wants it.
And here we have an office manager who has raised children on his own, and has had a year's salary.
An office manager in the child ward?
Yes, you have an organization where you have a child ward manager, and above the child ward manager there is an office manager, and then the municipal director comes, and then the councilor comes on top.
So the child ward manager then gives children to the office manager?
Yes, and they enjoy that.
So that they then get
economic benefits from that?
Yes, of course, and then we had a case in 2009, I think, where the head of the council had taken a child to the child ward, and there was a little argument about that.
And then it was said directly from the municipal director, that, I can confirm, she is not a midwife, the child was raised by a midwife's father, or her husband.
So therefore it was not.
So now she is also the one who is looking to become a municipal
director after he has been there now.
So it is a very short bond, and
I think that if they are going to have a child ward manager, it must not be that many child ward employees can have their own foster children, who are allowed to have their own, but they just pick them up from the neighboring municipality, and so on, because you see that in a lot of things now.
It is, this is organized.
It is human trafficking.
Yes, it is really that.
They use each
other's foster children to get a source of income, and in that human trafficking appears.
They take the child on a very good basis many times, place it at friends and acquaintances, and then, one thing is that then these friends get an economic advantage, but these friends then also put themselves in a situation of renegotiation for those who have given them this advantage.
Yes, of course.
And there corruption is used up camaraderie.
Yes, and then you see that it is a part of former employees of the child ward who begin to sell child ward services, or private institution places, or something like that.
And when there is no will to start looking at where the money goes, of 190 million, and a municipality that has been under the authority of the administration, like Robeck, then it is strange that the public prosecutor also chooses to close their eyes.
And one thing that
I was very surprised, you say that you have complaints in the child ward, so that you can complain to the public prosecutor, but in the case that
I said myself
, that
I had complained to the public prosecutor, it turns out that
I was not a party member.
And that is completely strange, here the child ward has done a lawful action against me, but since the public prosecutor is the one who should review the child ward service, but at the same time has a duty to guide the child ward service.
Yes, here are those who are going to be teachers who are going to evaluate, and so on, and so I am not a party member, I am informed that they have done a lawful action against me, but it has no consequences for them, because it is just a matter of closing the deviations that have been found.
But to clean up in it, they should not.
I have seen several places where the child ward does something wrong, then it is called deviation.
While when a parent makes a mistake, then you lose your child.
Yes, and that is what
I find strange, when you have gotten a lawful case, got a deduction of 240,000 in lawyers' offices and so on, and it must not be a coincidence that after it was found that the case was illegal, the child ward service and the lawyer they had asked for help in the child ward case, went to the name-man, so
I was required to pay 100,000 in advance, otherwise they would take my house, after it was found that everything was illegal.
And then this becomes for ordinary people, who...
It is scary to say it mildly.
I was in contact with a family in Nauestad, where it was so much the same, where they went to take the children and they ended up having to force sell the house, and a lot of groves, and then they got some of these children back, so
Nauestad begins to lose, and it is the same municipality as Bonaresakken, and we all know how it went, right?
It is the whole system, they seem to think they can do as they want.
Yes, but they can do a lot, because they see that... But it does not get consequences?
No, and it is not a compensation order, if you are going to drive a moped, you must have the moped license, and drive too fast, you lose the license, but for those who are going to go in and consider taking from the children, if they make a mistake, then it is the system's fault, there is never any consequences for those who do it, and even if it is a person who has personal reasons, wants to take others, then in a position in the child welfare system, they can abuse that power, without having any consequences, and the police choose to close their eyes, because they are very well informed in Tønsberg, and they are so well informed, that when the child welfare system now suddenly made a lot of false reports on me, that I should have said that
I wish someone would kidnap the children of the child welfare system, that is what has gone to the table, Yes, that is what they are talking about in the story.
But the whole thing was that there was a comment field on Facebook, where there was a message to a news article, where I in a heartache say that
I wish that the children
welfare system kidnapped the children in such a way that they understood what they were doing to others, because
I said that
, I took the recommendation many years ago, and there we were pushed down into the south, we did not get food, we did not get sleep, We felt it in our bodies ourselves, so that you would never put other soldiers more than you could, you would know how hard it was, and then you see that these are people who have gone through a simple education, who have never been in such a stressful situation, who have never felt the stress of being watched by strangers who go in everywhere, and the fear and the stress you get, they have never tried it themselves, and so simply and practically
, I would wish that someone kidnapped the children welfare system, and that the police would come and get the children welfare system, and put them on the bed, nothing more than that, and let them be there from Friday to Monday, and then just talk to the family, that now you have to take the children, so that they can be allowed to sit on the bed, and feel that the brain flies out, and if they sleep badly, and see how they react, there should be minimum requirements, and that was what was really in the statement,
I have absolutely no interest in taking the children.
When they react in such a way that they escalate it to a ban on visits, and the investigation is going on, kidnapping plans, then they are quite desperate, really.
Yes, because
I think that the most
important thing for all children welfare employees, is to collect information, and information means the reduction of insecurity, and the first thing they should have done, if they had seen this, they should have taken a screenshot, and sent it to the police, they could have called me, and said, you Prenar, what do you have to say about this comment, because it looked strange, and then
I could have explained what the background was, that
I have the background of being tested hard, and
I think that should have been a requirement, and that there should have been a reduction of the children welfare employees, but it is not personally appropriate at all, so one can be very unqualified for such a job, and still be sitting well.
So there is nothing more than that, and then there was a comment that they also said, that they are putting together, that they want someone to kidnap them, and then there is a completely different discussion, it is a completely different week, where
I will come up with a comment, that there are questions about when, and not about, it will happen, and that was a long discussion with about 40 comments, where
I say that when the children welfare workers come in, and cut in this way, then it is just a question of when
they meet someone, who does not give up the children completely voluntarily, without resistance, and that is just pure probability, and therefore
I have said that the children welfare manager in the report, but he contacted me, he wanted to meet me, and he contacted me, and he understood what
I was talking about, so
I have to praise him, because he actually did something different, than what
I was told, because he had also said, look here, it also applies to you, he had also been presented for, because there were only several who reported, so they blow up nothing really
, what they do is try to demonize the critics, and make them laugh, make them dangerous, push them away, try to create an impression among other people, that these are some delusions, do not listen to them, and that is how they do it, and that is what
I find very strange, because I
am very for a good childcare,
I find that today, when we have so
many single parents, who actually have a small network, because the parents are perhaps in Mallorca, and then you can suddenly get cancer, and in a situation where you are sick, you should have been
able to contact the childcare, and said
I need help, I have a challenge now,
I have to take health, so I want you
to help me with the children, so that we get a
lot of support, but
I can not do the daily care, and then you should be able to get help
from the childcare, to find a foster home, but then you see that if the children have been taken, it is impossible to get them back, because now the connection to the new home is so good, that it is exhausting for the children to come back, and these are the ones
I react to, because
I am very for childcare, but then I see that it has been abused.
This connection is something they abuse extremely
, I do not think they understand that concept, to live with someone for a long time, a child is connected to all the care they have, and they have different connections to mother and father, and the child is also connected to violent parents, so the fact that the child is strongly connected, even the child welfare commission says in one of their letters, it is completely irrelevant, it is the quality of that connection, because connection is actually the way the children respond, in the environment they are in, and of course, if a child lives with a whole family, then it is a little different, if the father and mother are at the nursing home, it is completely different environments, but regardless of which environment, it can be alcohol in the picture, it can be sports interested, it can be car interested, the child gets a connection, and it is, what should
I say, it goes hand in glove with the environment, and if the environment is bad, then the quality of the connection is negative, but if the environment is good, then the quality of the connection is positive, but all children connect, so it is completely irrelevant, it is silly to say that now they have connected so strongly to foster parents, that they cannot move back, because it is a misuse of the term, because the quality, you saw the film you mentioned, where he throws
himself around the neck on the child's side, yes, on the Kurdish family, the Kurdish family, that is a positive connection, and if they claim that some of the children have connected to foster parents, that can be, but it is not harmful to move back to the parents, because there the connection is good too, and that is what
I find strange, that the children were in a situation where they were new in Norway, and they needed guidance,
but they have been together twice, two hours a year, and then it is
supposed to be that the children first get a message, that just look at me blankly in the eyes, if you want us to stop being together, if you are afraid, all possible ways to make sure that the children are safe before they meet their parents, that is not safety, that is to put the children in fear, yes, and when you are not allowed to show true joy, you are not allowed to run towards the children and show great joy, you should wait until the children themselves have contact, then the children will experience this, and this is also stated in the report, how to make sure the children are safe before meeting, and the Kurdish family, where
they have done everything to break the relationship, the son has been very busy with the phone, so he wants a touch phone for Christmas, and the parents who do not have so much money, they bought this touch phone for him, and
as a gift to the other two children, and then they deliver it to the kindergarten, so the children's manager would take this to the other one, and the boy would say that she never delivered it, and then the boy, through the foster father, who had some contact with the family, would say that he had not received it, and that they were lying to him, and then they came to me with the receipt, and said that they had paid for it, and then
I called the kindergarten manager, and the girl said that she had not received it, and then
I went to the city to show her, and that was at the end of February, and then we were going to meet at the kindergarten, and then she said that she refused to give her touch phone, and then
I called the foster father, and
asked him to come and get the phone, but then the boy was irritated, he did not want to give the phone to anyone else, and he was
looking forward to it for two months, and then
I had to go to the newspaper, and it shows that this is not something that happens by chance, and
I do not have
any relation to it, I have no relation to it more than that I was asked to help them, but that the foster father can do this, and I see that this happens in many cases, you send the child to the kindergarten, and the child is directly counteracted by a positive relationship with the parents, and they take away the gift that the child looks forward to, and that the parents are happy
to give to the child, and then they use it, it is the opposite of the child's best.
Yes, and here in Trenspark we had another case, which
I have been a part of, where there was a parent conflict, and the child was in the kindergarten, and suddenly they come to pick up the child on May 16, and then everything was ready for May 17, and then the father runs to the parents, and says that they do not care about the parents, and the child is placed in a home of preparation, where there was also an assault, and this they know about in the kindergarten, this they
know about in politics, but they refuse to take it, and this is a staff member at the hospital, and the supervisor at the hospital has called us, he called the kindergarten many times, called back, but they do not call back, they do not want to talk to such people, and this is what it is, that this in Trenspark now begins to be a big spread, between the health care provider, who has lost a lot of trust, the kindergarten complains that it was too few concerns, from the health care provider, doctors at the hospital, and so on, and refuse very much, and there should be trust, one should know that there is quality in the kindergarten, that one does not cause more trouble to the family, than it should be.
It is quite clear that Tølsberg kindergarten, and the councilor, and the rest of the officials, they have a serious problem here.
Yes, and that they do not want to leave, because
I have had good contacts in the political environment, and there they went so far, that the councilor removed the next leader, who had invited me to the meeting, and removed her from the election as the next leader, but then she blamed me for being an enemy of the refugees, but it was that she had confronted the kindergarten case, and filed a case against the kindergarten many times, but she took her to another place.
So for one reason or another, the kindergarten is a lucky cow, that one does not want to get quality straight away, and then
I have a question why?
It is perhaps time to start driving more against these people, there is no reason to find out how they are doing, because they are obviously breaking Norwegian law.
Yes, there is no doubt.
And humanity is like that.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, and there are many officials who have stated that, there are many other officials who do not have the opportunity, to agree with the kindergarten.
Yes.
Who are dependent on that income, and therefore lie and sell their entire competence.
Judas?
Yes, in a way.
And when you hear this over and over again, and that nothing is happening, then it must be politically desired like that.
Whether it is an attack on the family as
an institution, so that one scares everyone else to the point of trampling, because you see that it is often resource-weak people who... Who fall into the clutches of these Yes.
really, these Yes.
gripping, that is what it is.
Yes, and when you see that it has started a part as a kindergarten educator, Yes.
who gives two thirds to the kindergarten, and one third to himself, and of course if he can then take a child right from the nursery, and 18 years with 10,000 kroner or something to the educator, in the month, then it is clear that one does not want to give back that child, who then has an accession and no accession to the family.
Corruption comes in.
And we have some companies here in Tønsberg who also operate, organize in that way.
It is perhaps time to start to reveal, to start to name
these, what they really do.
You have to start, you have to see the red thread through this, that you see that this is quite serious.
Yes, it is.
Many have come to terms with it, as some of the former employees in Tønsberg, can be good for nearly 100 million kroner.
Now, it is because one has been involved in one or the other, and it was not because it is a prosperity, a prosperity one is involved with.
There is a lot of money in the glass girl case, where 28,000 kroner a day, one got for an institution, with the glass girl from
Stavanger, then one understands that it is unlimited resources.
And then it is a little easy if one can get hold of it.
And I do not understand the competitive feature in the public opinion and the court, that the children's world can be proud of winning a case.
They have
lost the guidance, they have understood that they were not able to do the job later.
But it is not so, but we won, and we managed to get the children out of there.
And then
I wonder which people
I have brought to myself.
It must be a special type of person, because the empathy disappears in that kind of case.
Then there are completely different things that govern it.
It is I who will win, which actually governs the basic attitude in that system.
Because once you start to criticize them,
they are suddenly victims, and then they use all the tricks they can to keep you
at a distance, find out about the concern messages against you, and you name it.
Yes, that is how we are in Tönsberg.
Our children's world leaders say that we do not feel heard, it is in the media, therefore
I can say it straight out, with a big picture, with a bowed neck and so on. And then suddenly it is in the newspaper, and then you
are with one of Norway's
most expensive lawyers, who will confront the children's world leaders, who are standing behind a glass wall, with their legs crossed, and say that they are very scared.
And then you come here in the local press, that the children's world is very scared, and then it is triumphantly together with one of the leaders in the police, that now we are going to take it seriously.
And then he is standing and smiling.
And you realize that this is a massive organized thought.
A PR campaign that is being run here.
Yes, and you had visited Dagbladet, who gave you a big picture.
I had Dagbladet here in the nationalists for three and a half hours, I think.
And I gave him a lot of information, I gave him a lot of videos, all kinds of things.
And then he said that you will probably be very disappointed when you see what
I write now, because this is determined how it will be.
And then
I had learned a little bit about this game.
So when he said so clearly that this will be negative, that
I will be disappointed, I contacted him later and said that if you choose to portray me as something
else than what I am, then
I will put the whole video recording of our interview on YouTube.
And then there were no pictures of me as there were of you.
I was no name, I was just the man from Tønsberg.
And then it was stopped there.
And that's not how it should be.
Because the journalist should have been like, what is this?
And then he should have dug into what we are trying to say, and then see that it is a completely paid media.
Because it was not a coincidence that Dagbladet came out, and then the business magazine to the children's ward said that it comes out at the same time with the Tønsberg leaves.
Three places at the same time, then it is a paid space.
And who is paying for that space?
Is it the Tønsberg with so bad a row?
And why do they do that?
We must, and
I just want to say it clearly, I am very much for a good children's ward, where children are taken care of and with justice.
But you have to get the law, they have to follow the law, they have
to relate to the human
rights, they have to get the professionalism in place.
Yes.
Because now it is the impression that the more you dig, the more snusk it comes up.
Tricks and mixing, economic, strange dispositions, known, entangled, then they use the police against those who criticize, then they use the municipality's resources against the residents.
It stinks all the way.
And I, we had Solveig Hornet here in Tønsberg, I think it was March 15, 2015, something like that.
And she, there were a lot of people at the children's ward, a lot of people, who came with different stories, and she said this is completely wrong.
And then she would send her unarmed down to us, nothing happened.
She promised that this would really take care of this.
And we have been to the parliament to put forward this.
And we have been to seminars at the parliament together as well.
But it is a political unwillingness, and then the question is why is it that?
Because everyone in Norway believes that.
Bureaucracy, it reminds me a little of this English series, Javel's State, or something like that, do you remember?
Where the state was really just
a nigger for the bureaucratic power that stood behind.
And you can start to wonder, you see Hornet, she was very critical, and then she comes into position to do something, but then there is something that is stopping her.
And I guess you have something like Tromald, who is sitting on the head of Bufdi, you have the F.O., the organization for children's ward employees, these are sitting with power and control the municipalities.
And then the question is what political ideology is behind it.
And I have heard in the case of the Kurds, where the case file is all about the state's children, that the children in foster homes are being treated as the state's children, and then there is a political ideology that most people in Norway do not want, which is overrepresented within the children's ward.
So
I do not know.
But I will sit here for a little over an hour, I think we could talk until tomorrow
.
So maybe we should start to discuss a little.
I think it is important that more people start to discuss these problems, this will not continue.
No, and
I think it is especially important that families, families and friends are not tested, you see that you are stamping those who are disowned or not eligible.
Without having checked anything.
Yes, you do not talk to them at once, and then this is here.
And that the children's ward can report people we have,
I think it is a municipality next door, where they have taken three old children, and have a very heavy reason to do so.
And just two or three days before this court case comes, the children's ward leader, the father, reports a sexual abuse of this three-year-old.
Even though it is written in the paper that it is in foster homes, it has happened.
But then it has just been anonymized before it is submitted to the police.
The police then report it three or four days later, but then the court is over.
And the judge does not have any opportunity to send the children back to the parents when there is a report from the children's ward.
It is a rotten game.
And this family here
, they lost their daughter on the outskirts, and then they lost their children's ward to the children's ward.
And then they manage to hire a person called Breivik.
But in all the documents it says Breivik.
And in the court it is called Breivik.
And then they have this story.
So these are ruthless.
And it should have been true and honest.
And it is this that they enjoy, for one reason or another, they enjoy to torment these parents who are crying.
It is a bit sadistic about it all, to have such a right system.
The trust disappears to the whole system.
And then people start looking for the right other places.
Yes, and that is what
I am most worried about.
I am a total non-violent person myself.
And therefore
I think it is very special to be the one who is
supposed to be the father.
So that the children's ward goes with violence.
And then they are afraid of the store when they are greeting each other.
But outside the media they are very afraid.
They are playing a game.
Yes, and when
I am at the local store, and the children's ward is standing in the door and talking, and
I am waiting to go in, but it is standing in the door.
I just walk past and say, hi, let's talk to each other.
So many times.
And instead of just ending the case, they are going out in the media, everywhere.
They are playing a game to get victims.
Yes, and that it should be possible that the media is actually involved.
I am a bit scared, because then they are talking about fake news.
And those who are talking about fake news are the ones who promote these things.
So I am very happy with the children's ward, but
I have come to my own opinion, that the children's ward should be shared.
It should be only a help organization, that should not go into investigation, it should be a police case.
And if there is violence, sexual abuse, and something that is punishable by law, then the police should investigate it.
And the children's ward should get the right to work, to help the families at home, to get the right to work.
So that you do not get that competition, and to be the king in court with such a short sentence, and without any demands.
It is actually a higher demand for a moped driver, than it should be.
And with those words, I think we thank you for being here today.
We have gotten a little insight into what is happening here in Tønsberg, but also what is happening elsewhere, because there is a lot of similar dynamics around this.
So we say thank you for Tønsberg today, and we will probably come back again.
See you!
