 
you you you you you You Good evening, Family Channel
from
Bergen, good evening, tonight we have a
Skype interview with Lisbeth Leimy.
Good evening to you.
I am Lisbeth Leimy, I am a special educator.
I have worked for six years as a child care worker for children,
I have worked for five years for children.
I have worked with the issues of child care and
I have had a child care facility through the team and
I have been a special advisor for the children's welfare, their children and family members.
And now you have had new and stronger experiences with child care yourself?
Absolutely, I have had the worst year of my life.
Can you tell us a little bit about what has happened?
Yes, I can.
I will start with my mother's story.
She was a child care worker for five years and she was very weak.
She has no problems with her health, she has no history of mental health.
She was attacked by foster parents, she was told that she was fat and so on. She developed a fat face and was veryactivl, very acting, and she could not tell enough, because she was so soft and lovely to hug her family.
Then she had to go to a social daily for almost a month before getting back on her feet.
And
I absent-minded with her after her father He came to me to get the card on the table.
I contacted the warden.
We got him in once before there was a real problem, and he was released.
They couldn't give him more stars, they said, because he took the others with him.
He paid for meat and sausages, and they grilled in the woods.
They just had to say yes.
Four years later, they met again.
They fell in love.
She got a change of heart.
She thought that after many weeks with the doctor, I asked her a question.
She took me to the hospital and found out that
I was pregnant.
She ordered a doctor and she was on her way for 46 weeks.
Then the year began.
I had a house there, with almost 200 square meters, and I had a rent for 11 years.
I got a smaller place, since the children had grown up.
It was just Elin and my youngest son, who lived with me.
In the meantime, she lived with her friend at the clock tower in Huren.
Suddenly, I got messages from several people on the phone, that the police had gone from dead to alive.
They were 46 weeks in full uniform, in a patrol car, and they were asking what was going on. I was shocked.
I contacted the family of the lawyer in Bergen, Sebrug.
The lawyer there got some of the documents, that she had registered for Huren, and contacted the county office to find out what was going on.
They almost got arrested.
They always wanted to know what it was that she was forced to register.
As a special policeman,
I know that
there are only two types of people that are forced to register.
Those who have a history or have a medical history.
There was no one in any of the categories.
I moved around a bit, and got to know some of my friends.
My ex-wife, who was 15 years old, told me that she could use his address outside of Hønefoss, Motvaldas.
He got police visits, and they were allowed to do that.
They got a neighbor, friends, and acquaintances, and asked her.
I found out that this was not going to last.
I moved to Sweden, where the family had
a home.
She went to her grandmother all the time.
First, a private acquaintance.
Then she started going to her grandmother in Sweden, where we lived.
Or had a home.
I got a small apartment in the neighborhood, but there was no one in the backyard.
Then they came to me in Hønefoss police.
I was told that either I should go now, or
I would never see them again, because they would report me.
Or they would tell me what happened.
We tried for many, many weeks to find out what happened.
No one told me what happened.
They told me that she was suspected
of having been And that the case was sent from her, a neighbor, to her in Hønefoss, or Ringerike, by Nikolaisen.
And that they had been contacted by her to try to find out.
I made it very clear that she did
not
want to.
There were people with her all the time.
She had gone to sleep, and she was in bed.
I let them believe that she was in Ringerike, so she could leave.
When they told me that she should come down to take a piss test at the health center, the housing department, I said that
I think she is completely different from what
I thought.
I do not recommend that she goes to the hospital, because she is very sick.
One day, I went to Sweden.
I came on Saturday, and slept a little.
I thought that the only thing we could do was to go to the health center, which she had gone to.
All the time, she was in the study, and we did that on Monday.
Then we agreed that she should take the piss test.
She did not take the first one that day, so it was negative.
I knew it.
She took the piss test regularly, and it was not just for TLC, it was for everything.
Everything was fine.
Then we came to the moment when the birth started.
She was born in Karlstad.
I was there.
Great birth.
No healing and screaming.
Everything went according to plan.
She got a baby.
She did not know what this meant, so she did not know what to trust.
This was very negative for her.
We who have been through this know that we are very sensitive during pregnancy.
Fear and such things can easily spread to children.
I tried to explain to her that this was the wrong time to come.
She was pregnant and could easily lose the milk.
If they continued to follow her.
I explained that she had
taken the piss test and they were negative.
There was nothing to be afraid of.
As Norway and the Norwegian child care system, they had the same poor competence and choice to follow.
I threw her out of the apartment.
I thought
I would report her to the police the next time she showed up.
Then the court of appeal in Karlstad passed a case on a woman who was a prostitute in Norway.
In Sweden,
I know that time is the most important thing when it comes to children.
She was in the hospital for 14 days.
They took out a lawyer and she had to answer 14 days if she was willing to cooperate or not.
We had to turn her down.
We agreed that we didn't want the child to be removed.
So we cooperated.
We got a brave lawyer who understood that this was wrong.
The child care system in Sweden had been robbed by the Norwegian child care system.
They took a search report on the care situation.
We had to say yes to that.
We had no choice.
We got copies of the papers from Norway.
It showed that the health care system in the Kingdom of Ring had contacted the child care system in Oslo.
Four letters were sent to four different hospitals.
They contacted the children care system in Oslo.
I am very surprised.
We live in a democracy.
Norway is a pre-European country.
We are going to have a loose assumption that she has never had a child care history.
We are going to have to take a decision on the forced entry of murder in one or another place.
We are going to have to take a decision on the security of the child care system.
They sent a concern letter from the foster mother.
She was foster mother to the child until she was 18 years old.
If the mother chooses to cut off contact with the foster family, she has a legal right to the child care system.
The foster mother had called the police because she did not have contact with the child care system.
She did not understand that the mother did not dare to contact with the child care system.
She did not know who was behind it and what was going on. It was because of the child care system.
I was very angry.
This is where the mother started.
The mother was very angry when the foster mother came to the door.
She was on her way to the child care system.
I was there during the weekend.
I had my apartment in Hønefoss.
I was there and
I had to be there.
My son went up with the boy 4-6 times during the night and gave him breast milk.
She lost him very quickly.
The boy was crying and he was completely disappointed.
He had almost not slept for the first 5-6 weeks.
He came to me after
I had heard a Ylvis-concert where she screamed at the children.
If he did not take the children up with one of his hands, he would not be able to get up.
I understood that the child care system had destroyed the mother.
I said that he took him to my apartment and
I had to go up.
It was a house with three apartments.
I took the bed, his clothes, his blanket and took him to the home care.
The mother said that she could not give him what he needed.
She had to help him.
He had to go
to a work rescue.
He had been injured in a golf course in Sweden when he was 12-13 years old.
He had a golf club in his head.
It was not his choice.
He had been through an 8-hour operation in Sweden.
He was in a hospital.
He had 50 chances to survive.
He was tired of different things.
I will go into details about that.
He had to go to Norway for a work rescue in cooperation between DPS and NAV.
He could not travel without a child care person.
Based on the biological principle, he gave me the child care service.
It was a contract with two independent members.
I went to the mother for a few months and said that
I had to try.
After three days she came to me crying and said that
I had to take him.
I could not take him.
I could not give him what he needed.
I know he will get it.
She was bedridden for a long time.
She never got up in the morning.
She was up at night.
I did not know what to do.
I coached her to questions she wanted to ask the children.
I am a special teacher.
I know what they want to ask.
She went to meet them.
I did not want to play for the gallery.
The children had it good.
They had a child for a period of time.
She could take over everything.
She passed the test with grace.
They wrote a great report.
They know
I helped a lot.
I was in the report for two days.
I talked to the children.
They sent the report to the Norwegian children's board.
They said that everything was in place.
The children's care was good.
It was just a joke.
I think they had the report in Roslund.
I think it was in the year
1890.
I went to visit her mother.
We lived in the forest.
There were no young people.
She had missed her mother.
She said she would go to her mother's house for a week.
She did that.
She came home in four flames.
Her situation did not get
any better.
I called the social services.
Two people came.
I thought she needed a psychologist.
She got the right people.
She got thousands of people to work for her.
I had found the number of the local municipality.
I did not want to be in the same municipality.
We went to the farm.
I had gone to Norway a few times.
I had brought the children with me.
I could stay in Norway for three to five days.
She said, just before
Easter, I will travel to Norway so he can have the children.
You can be with us.
I went back on Thursday.
I met her in Oslo on Thursday.
My son wanted to travel to
Sweden.
He had decided between February and March.
We had
a big recognition for that.
We knew that children were dying.
All children died.
That was not good for me.
I had a lot of statistics.
She wanted to travel to Sweden for a year.
She wanted to come on Monday.
My son wanted to travel back to Norway.
My mother disappeared.
She was sleeping at night.
She was sleeping with her husband.
I came back from Norway on Easter.
I found her Facebook page.
She went to the Facebook page.
It was open to the public.
I could not believe it.
It was unbelievable.
The story was completely different.
She had not told anyone about it.
She called me a psychopath.
I was so angry.
I was so ashamed.
I cried.
I was sleeping at night.
I thought that this could not continue.
I went to her side.
I was in a mantis.
I asked her how she was.
I told her that
I had
taken care of him.
He was six weeks old.
I sent a copy to the post office.
I know it was stupid.
I did it.
I was released.
I got a full meal.
I could talk to Nicolais.
I waited for an hour and a half.
No one got in touch with him.
I wrote a letter.
A copy of the full meal.
I never heard a word.
Time passed.
I did not talk to her since
Easter.
I met her in Oslo.
One day
I went to Sweden with my children.
I was told that my husband had gone back to Sweden.
Everything was fine.
I was accused of being an orphan.
I was told that
I had lost my children.
I talked to her later.
She never said anything like that.
I went to visit my husband.
My husband was sick.
My mother had
a fever.
He was discharged.
We went to Sweden with my children.
Time passed.
I had put out some furniture.
I lived in a house that was quite big.
I started to sell things.
I had received some messages on film.
People were interested in some of this.
I had a small job.
I had to travel to Norway.
It was the 11th of October.
I had to travel on the 8th of May.
I did the work that
I had to.
I waited for people to come on Tuesday.
They would come and see this.
I called my son and mother.
I told them that
I was going to visit my husband.
I told them that
I was going to visit my husband.
My husband called me and said that he saw that the patient had left.
He said that he had to go to the doctor for a checkup.
He asked me if I would go to Sweden.
I said that
I would go to Sweden and get my car.
I jumped into the car and drove 30 miles.
I drove back to Rønnefors.
It was about 10 pm.
I gave him food and water.
He went to bed.
Everyone was the same age.
I was 60 years old.
He had just had his meals.
He was not completely disturbed.
At 10.30 am on the 11th of May, I woke up and the children woke me up.
I stood up and gave milk.
The plan was to go back to bed.
I slept until 11 o'clock.
My son had just woken up.
He had just had his coffee.
He was sitting right outside the house.
He had a four-seater.
He was sitting on the couch smoking coffee.
The window was open because it was very hot.
I went out and said that
I had to go in.
I needed my jacket to go to bed.
When
I came into the door
, I had parked my car behind my car.
I had a big box.
It was big.
I had parked my car behind my car.
I thought it was the people who were going to the prison.
It was at that time that
I had not yet been there.
He took his jacket and went to the door.
The door opened and
I pulled him out.
I spammed Adrian.
Adrian was a child care worker in Ingerika.
I had put him in a chair.
I had put him in a chair.
I had a child. We closed the door and went in.
He was in a chair.
We had a...
I do not know how long we talked.
It was about 10.30.
I thought it was important.
I thought it was important.
We were going to the children's prison.
We had a concern letter from mother to mother.
When I read it, I was shocked.
I thought it was wrong.
It was a concern letter in relation to the care situation of the children.
Not one place mentioned the care situation of the children.
Not one place mentioned the care situation of the children.
She mentioned that
I had been
a great help to them.
She was a mother.
She was a mother.
She was a father.
As I said, there was no anti-vaccination letter in the letter to the children's prison.
I had a great anti-party against the children's prison.
I was against vaccines in general.
Vaccines are a voluntary thing in Norway.
I do not want to go into that topic.
I have an anti-party against the children's prison.
It is a 20-year-old thing.
I had a youngest son.
He was placed voluntarily.
I will not say much about it.
He was treated badly and was taken out of the hospital.
He was taken out of the hospital.
He was taken to the care unit.
They said it was a matter of care.
The judge did not know how
I could have had care when he was under the two-year-old.
Why had they waited two years?
In the law of the law, they lost.
They got care based on the law.
They got care based on the law.
They were supposed to have care when he was 18.
He did not even ask about care.
All the families in the institution had had to do with my son.
They had to take care of him.
He was a child of the district of Ryskebam.
Probably the most expensive child in Norway.
The head of the care unit said that the mother stands before them.
The mother stands before them.
That is what the mother says.
I personally think that this was the case.
This was said by many people.
I have never thought about it myself.
I see that she looks after the health and three out of four children are exactly the same as
I had with my son.
One or two can be the case.
One or two can be the case.
But four or five are not.
But four or five are not.
We traveled down to the children's hospital.
They had two more cases.
They had two more cases.
One was from Ålesund.
The mother had been at her foster mother's house for a few days.
She had a very serious illness.
She had been in the hospital for a few days.
She had been at her foster mother's house for a few days.
She had a very serious illness.
She did not
want to report it to me.
She did not want to report it to the police.
She did not
want to.
She had a clear message.
Then there was a concern letter from
a psychologist.
Then she was
taken to a doctor
.
Then she was
taken to a doctor
.
Then she was
taken to a psychologist.
He said that she was not so bad.
He said that she was not so bad.
They have brought my case from 17 and back.
They have brought my case from 17 and back.
I have a request.
We are going to keep this a secret.
They did not want to give me
a report.
They do not want to give me
a report.
I did not have a passport for the case.
I have a case record.
My mother confirmed that the case record is correct.
My mother confirmed that the case record is correct.
We were in Fyrkesnamn with two others.
We were in Fyrkesnamn with two others.
My mother was told
a very big story.
My mother was told
a very big story.
But that was not correct.
We went to the children's ward and they showed us the two concerns.
The psychologist was very correct.
He did not recognize me, he did not recognize the father and
could not speak about it.
The only concern he had was that the mother did not have contact with the children.
And I see that.
But this was something the mother had to be ashamed of.
We have constructed a story about what happened.
And you should be aware that it is a breach of the criminal code of 280.
And it is actually a criminal code of 24 years.
And I can prove with documents that all of what we have said is wrong.
It is a lie.
I would like to say a little about
Samva.
My son and
I were allowed to visit the boys every 14 days.
And it comes out of the papers that the children came to me in front of the father.
And that is completely natural, because he was in Norway and he worked 35 days a week.
While
I had the daily care, because he was six weeks old, he was in the hospital.
I would like to talk a little about the law's legal area.
We are talking about the law of the children's ward in 1802.
It says that the law's legal area, the law's decision about services and measures, applies to children who have normal housing and living conditions.
The children were born in Sweden, and people who lived in Sweden and never lived in Norway, so it fits 100%.
When we talk about the law of the children's ward, it says that it is a law of the four sexes.
They say that the children were tried before they even considered taking the children out of the home.
And that they could not break the law against the will of their parents.
That is why they broke the law.
This also applies to the stories in the process writing for the children's ward.
I have actually proven that.
What actually happened is that the people did not have access to the case in the law's legal area.
And then we have something called the law proposal
102 L from 2014 to 2015, 21 and 22. About habitual residence.
It was translated with normal housing.
The law's law 412 can only happen if the children have habitual or normal housing in Norway.
Here they have also broken the law.
And then we have to see how other states of the convention use the terms.
And then we have a fine reference to 2009, page 129, international child abortion.
This is about the court.
And then we have the 412 case report.
It can be found in the case where there is a serious lack of personal contact, security that children need
at their age and development.
We have B and C. One is about the misconduct and serious abuse that was not a case in our case.
The other is about functional abuse that did not happen in our case.
And then it says in the letter that it is considered possible that the children's health or development can be a serious injury.
Because the parents are out of the position to take responsibility for the children.
But it also says that the benefits of the proposal can only be received outside the situation the children are in.
Such a benefit can therefore not be received unless there is a satisfactory relationship for the children with the help of a proposal.
Or paragraph 44 or paragraph 4410 and 411.
In that case, this should be treated in the name that there is no other way.
Then we have page 766, which is about the ability.
It is more so that the children's health is not available because it is the same aunties who had a case against me 15-16 years ago.
Who has a case against father and mother today.
I wonder if we have taken out a case against father and mother who have not taken care of the children.
I knew from day one that it was me who took care of the children,
but they have turned their backs on me.
They drove over with a bulldozer.
And drive on, so it lasts.
This is a case of case management, in and of itself, that
I have taken
care of.
As written in the last spårräd
Such an exchange major, it is linking to 2017-1862. We name it a case, the highest, about a
Brazilian woman
where the incident was about the case of this person yelling..
which is the opposite of this thing.
In order to avoid a simple maintenance in Sweden, the master party, therefore this thing should not be in Norway.
This is also followed by the two classes.
Then we have the third law, the three laws, which says that this should be based on conditions, on the time of the court.
The court time, if we are to name it as a court, which is something that has to be done, then it is such that the mother has the address in Sweden, the children have the address in Sweden, and then the habitation residence and the person number on the court.
Then it is very important that you can give a lot of attention to the matter.
I have just read that Article 81.2 is the best way.
I also have a wife, so that is good.
I got a ruling on the court because
I did
not have been asked about it before.
I have stated that
I have been asked about it before.
I have documents that show that in the case of Kuddsaken, it was asked about it in writing.
It was the book that they wrote.
The lawyer has been in Namda and has the blog.
The lawyer has been in Namda and has the blog.
He can prove from the blog that he has been asked about it in the case of Omshø.
What we want to say is that there has also been a mistake.
There has been a mistake in the case, because
I have been asked about a lie.
The children's ward has also decided that
I will not have a part in the case.
The decisions were made as if they were the judges.
They were the judges.
Article 8 of the European Court goes before the Children's Law, where there is a counter-offensive.
The relatives are therefore called upon to the European Court directly
as
a basis for the right to child abuse.
In the case of the European Court, paragraph 3, it states that in paragraph 4.11, this is also the highest right on child abuse and co-operation, it states that the biological principle should apply as far as possible to us in doing so, and that the family can be separated.
We should also be aware of one thing.
The European Court was ratified in 1999 and put into the law where the Norwegian law was in effect in
2003.
By ratifying and putting it into the law, it means that we are obliged to follow the European Court.
When it comes to child abuse, they do not remember it at all, but it was either in 1996 or 1991 that this was ratified.
This also means that we should follow this.
So this whole thing is actually a very special case.
It is a strange way to interpret law and order.
I feel that the reason why the children have been
allowed to walk as they have been allowed to, is because the court has not asked critical questions.
Not at all.
Then I think about why things have been done, how they can justify that they have followed the law, how they can in that way have legitimized what the children's rights do.
This means that when they have done that, the children's rights can continue just as they have been doing, and
they will only get worse.
I think that as a special case, I am actually above the age of one to three years in sociology.
And I have used things that are way back to when
I was 17 years old.
I am 59 years old today.
I do not find myself in it, to put it briefly.
It is a It is a It is a It is a digression of who I am.
I think that has taken a complete turn.
I do not think
I can give myself that, because
I have not intended to do that.
This gives me ammunition, so to speak.
So, it depends on what happens on Thursday.
I see that 15 laws are being passed, and we have totally violated them.
I would be very happy if things did not get worse on Thursday.
But I think that no matter how things go, it would have been very nice to come back to Family Kanal and tell what happens on Thursday.
That should be invited back.
So I think that
I have said what
I have to say, actually.
But I think that the children's rights must go.
And then something else must be done.
A family member, perhaps.
Where there is
a cross-sectoral group that decides what they have talked about.
Because what is important about this is that it is a comprehensive assessment.
Not just a one-sided assessment of the children's rights with their opinion, belief, opinion, and so on. It is very important that the experts are looking at this together, and that they take into account the children's rights, their statements, school
statements, children's statements, and not least parents and neighbors, and so
on. You cannot have a comprehensive impression of the matter if you are only to focus on the children's rights.
Now we also know that children's rights are probably the largest human rights, legal human rights in Northern Europe.
I think they have something like 100,000 euros for every child they take.
A foster mother, no, a foster mother has 60,000 kroner a month.
And they actually asked on the first day, before there was a decision in the name of the people, if foster or foster parents should be interested in adopting children.
I have to admit that it is
true, and it is more than half the law.
It also shows that the children's rights are in their own hands.
They are breaking the Norwegian law, they are breaking their own law, they are breaking international law, they are breaking the European Union law.
And sooner or later they will be beaten.
And
I think that the children's rights should start to go quiet.
This is not good.
They are fighting for democracy.
And this actually reminds me of the dictatorship.
Actually.
It is very sad, and those who suffer the most from this are our children.
They were destroyed, my grandson got a post-traumatic stress disorder before he was one year old.
He hurt himself, he lived on the side of co-existence, he went to sleep long before he relaxed.
And then it came out in the name of the foster mother that she did not get him into routines, he hit his head against the wall and floor.
And this was a child who in one year, health control, they say up there, was a safe, harmonious and happy child.
He was missing when he was six or seven weeks old.
This was a child
I had
given everything
I had learned with my five children.
Both what
I was supposed to do and what
I was supposed to do, I learned from my children.
And
I gave everything to my grandchildren, so
I knew it was right.
And then they might have destroyed him
for life.
I think it is so tragic that he is crying.
So...
I will just stand here and watch what they do on Thursday.
I know one thing.
I know one
thing, if I lose this thing on Thursday, it is through the Corrupt.
It goes through the Corrupt.
Good luck.
Thank you, Ingvar.
Thank you for sharing your experiences with us.
You're welcome.
