 
Yeah, then
I want to welcome you here to Family Channel.
My name is Rune Fardal and today we have a breaking case.
It's an appeal for human rights in the case of Silje Garmo in Poland.
Silje Garmo, a Norwegian mother, had to escape from
Norway
due to the employee in the Norwegian CPS, BarneVærne, who for no reason wanted to take her daughter away from her.
Silje Garmo is a strong, capable mother.
She escaped to Poland and applied for asylum and tomorrow, 22nd of June, is the deadline for the
Polish
Foreign
Ministry
to answer her request.
Silje has great support for her case in Poland and Norway and in many European countries.
In a video today, she appealed to all of you to support her case and she has a clear message that today the Norwegian government and BarneVærne is after her, but tomorrow they may come after you.
We here in the Family Channel support
Silje and her case against the behavior
from the employee in the Norwegian BarneVærne.
Let's hear what
Silje has to say in her
video today.
Let the children, let the children, let the children be safe.
Let the children, let the children, let the children be safe.
Polish people, I call upon you today to stand up and take a stand in this matter because this matter concerning me and baby Ida now, today, might concern you and others in the future because this topic is such important because this touches, you know, the fundamental values, basic rights and also the fundamental principles of the Polish constitution.
Let the war move the mountains, shout it out all to hear, break the silence, stop the violence, love is stronger than our deepest fear.
Children
taken, hearts are breaking, God is counting every tear, right or wrong before too long, home is where we all belong.
Let the children, let the children, let the children be safe.
Let the children, let the children, let the children come into me.
Let's forgot about them by...
Let them to their mother, for they are the mold of our family.
Let the children, let the children, let the children be safe.
No way, no way, no way You just heard Silje ax.
Silje Garmo asking for your help.
I suggest we all help her against the Norwegian Barneverne.
Let's hope she get the asylum tomorrow 22nd of June and that this will be a clear message to the Norwegian government and Barneverne in how they treat families and children.
Thank you for watching this message from
Silje Garmo in Poland.
We here in Family Channel will follow this case and give you an update on new developments.
Thank you.
