 
Let the children, let the children, Let the children be set free.
Let the children, let the children, Let the children come to me.
Let the children, let the children, Let the children be set free.
Let the children, let the children, Let the children come to me.
To their father, to their mother, To their home, their family.
Let the children, let the children, let the children be set free Your mom beat my silent drum
That escape gave me
till I'm numb
I wanna feel the dreams grounded When he got standoffish his heart is ganked
I wanna feel free like
I burn the sky When he open his wings
I fly on by to the beat of my silent drum
That escape gave me
till I'm numb The children's ward is working We are going to take a look at a case they have been arrested for An assault on foster children Come with me The case is foster home placement When the children tell about sexual assault From biological children in the foster family
I have two parents here We choose to be anonymous, it's not important who you are This is what the case is about When you heard
about this What happened to your daughter, how old is she?
18 years old Was it you she called first?
Yes, she called first What did you get on the phone?
I got that she had been attacked by her son in the house The biological family in the foster family?
Yes, she lived in another farm
She had been
washing And then something bad happened What did you do when you heard about this?
We tried to calm her down as best we could To support her But she was in the stable And she had a few horses She had a few horses in the farm She was sitting in the stable and was shivering And on Monday, the first of May She was in the stable too And she was standing with the horses We had been in contact all the time And then the foster mother told her not to report her son And then she called her boyfriend And wanted him to be with her
at the nursing home in Drammen So this is a foster home in the Buskerud area Yes And was she taken to the nursing home?
She came to the nursing home at half past one And got what was standing in the stable And tried to spread the virus?
Yes And then she was back in the stable She was done at half past one And called me at half past one
at night And wanted her boyfriend to come back to the farm And when she comes back to the farm The foster mother gets sick
She gets sick and doesn't say anything
at night But the foster father says goodnight in a certain way
So she gets a response from the foster family And she was advised to report their son for assault
This is
under Frången Frången municipality The nursery that we have behind us And were you in contact with them?
I called them on the second of May To inform them Because I got a call from my daughter And she was traveling to the school she was going to And I contacted the foster mother And told her what had happened And I told the foster mother That it is time for me to take this seriously now And that it happens So per day, now is it, what date is it?
May 5th
Have the foster parents reported that they have reacted?
Have they done anything?
They have only supported her to see if she is in an institution
So they have moved your daughter to an institution
Away
from the foster home But her brother also lived there
Has he also moved?
No, he lives in the foster home
He lives in the foster home, ok Has your daughter given any information?
The last days, how is she?
Has she had a surgery?
She only has what is at the institution That supports her around this time The foster mother was there the latest today
She does not know what she did there Because we get very
little information as long
as we are 18 years old Has she called you or informed you about anything?
Not the foster mother, no Has your daughter been in contact with you today or yesterday?
Yes, I have been constantly on Facebook, Skype or on messages And I see a completely different daughter today than
I used to Of
course, it must be
It happens sometimes when you are exposed to such traumatic things But what is a bit tragic is What does the foster home really do?
You have not received any information, so you are kept on the sidelines We do not receive any
information from the foster home Because they receive messages from us But because of the duty of the foster home
So you do not get anything back So you may get more messages from your daughter
Via social media perhaps
Than the
foster home contributes Has she expressed that she is getting any help?
What is happening to her?
No, I have not heard anything
She is getting some special help
Has it been reported?
No I have spoken to the foster home office
It is her who
has to make that decision to go to the foster home She wants to report, but she wants to bring an adult with her to the foster home That is natural Has she received that?
No Is that where the case stands today?
No one wants to go with her?
No, I have spoken to the foster home office That it has happened?
Yes, I have told the foster home office what has happened And I have asked our daughter to contact the foster home office
So from what you know, the foster home has not brought her down
To report this?
They are not doing anything Because the foster home is responsible for her Who is at an institution now, moved from the foster home And they have not done anything The foster home wants her to move back to the foster home Because they are doing such a good job Okay Has... And she does not want to go back to the foster home
No Has she said that clearly?
She has a voice now that she is 18 They can not just push her as they
want If she stands up now, she can probably get what she wants Yes So she can control this And it is important that she gets support Yes From those who can support her
It must be professional But I mean that it is a new attack against our daughter When she moves out of a foster home
She moves to a new place instead of being able to move home Yes What has your daughter expressed that she wants to go home?
She wants to finish her school and then move home
To get
a job
Does she
go to Vidvigåne?
Lambruk Lambruk, yes Does she have a lot of time left there?
She will be out this year and one more year is not enough Actually, no There was no more school for her No But it is Lambruk A while ago it was at Lambrukseskolen in Ås But there are more places She was very good at laying stones Yes She was very good at it
So the environment, or the agricultural environment
There are many differences We have also asked the children what is happening
They do not say anything
They do not give us any more information
I mean that is a little wrong, we have done everything we could And then we should get more support or more information I called the nursery last night and then
I got my skin full of shit Yes, because you are beating on it?
Because I am beating on it Yes It is not very professional Of those who sit at the office over here and treat the parents
I mean, they are probably parents, some of those who sit there too And if they had heard that their daughter had been subjected to assault They would not have accepted to be put in that situation They would have escalated Yes And that is tragic
So how is the situation now?
Now everyone is waiting for something or?
Now every day she lives at her institution
So now she lives at her institution Yes, exactly And she is just waiting for something to happen?
She is waiting for something to happen and the nursery to find another place for her Yes Is there someone who supports her, as you know?
Or is everyone kept out of it?
So that they can manage themselves?
The type of her Yes, she should have some adults Someone who is professional who can handle it I do not think the nursery can handle such a situation
I do not think
they are built to be professional in such a situation
So to summarize a little
bit We have a 18 year old who has just been subjected to assault by her son in the foster family The nursery is involved, they have moved her to an institution And there is not really much that happens The foster family tries to silence her by saying that she should not be reported And the nursery, as far as you know, does not do much
They are not just covering things, they are rather protecting the foster parents and helping her It is very common that they think that she should move back to them
In a place where she has experienced a trauma And that would be double traumatic It is not traumatic for her brother But they are together now at this institution No No, he still lives there
It is a very strange handling
Do they have any contact that you know of?
They have contact on Facebook and on the phone Yes, then we can summarize so far here from the municipality with the nursery manager That it does not look like they can handle such a serious case in a professional way And
I have
sent an email to the nursery manager yesterday Asked for a meeting to ask him some questions
Every day, and now it is 2-3 on Friday There has not been any answer, nothing at all So I do not know if they found out who
I was That it might be that reason But this is not handled very professionally So we will come back with more, we will follow the case Follow along
