 
you you you you you you you you you you you you you welcome to family channel
from
bergen today we are going to talk about
a serious topic with us we have Jan Fredrik and Kristin We will hear about how a family stops living and only exists.
Mr. Fredrik, when did you first come in contact with the children's water?
I came in contact with the children's water in 2010.
I came in contact with the children's water because
I have a son from earlier.
There a case was filed against my mother.
I was contacted via mail.
The case was carried out in the summer of
2010.
My mother wrote over the responsibility to me.
In the meantime, the children's water was taken.
They came to us and examined the water.
We got a approval because we were good enough to take care of the children.
My son was moved to the children's water service.
They took a thorough examination at our home.
They approved us as good caretakers.
He was moved to our home in 2012.
In the summer of 2012, he came to us.
From then on, the serious things began to happen.
He lived with us for only three months.
The reason he lived with us for only
a short time was that there was a situation.
My son and my eldest daughter had
a fight.
It had happened earlier.
It had not become so serious.
I talked to my son about this.
I remember the date of the date.
It was September 20, 2012. We were in the kitchen cooking.
We got a hysterical message.
Our youngest daughter came up to us and screamed that we had to come down.
Christian and I went down to the children's room.
My son took the pot and the dino away from the girls.
He sat on her.
I took my son away.
I saw my daughter's face.
I took her on my shoulder and hit her twice.
She was breathing again.
She was running out with us so she could breathe normally and get back to her senses.
One evening,
Christian and I discussed what we should do.
The next day, I called the nurse and told her about the situation.
I told her that we could not have the child.
From there, the story began.
Then you contacted the child care center and they moved you to another place.
Yes, it took a short time before the child care center contacted me.
I was at work and I got a call from Christian.
She called and said that she had to come down to the office.
She said that she had no time for that because she had a minor illness.
I told her that she had to take a taxi.
I told her that you should call my father and ask him to come to you.
Two women from the child care center came and talked to Christian.
I did not see her.
It did not look like a meeting.
She already blamed me for taking my children.
I had taken them but
I had not taken them because they had been hurt.
I got an answer back.
How did you take your children?
I was a little confused.
My father was there and he saw how they behaved towards me.
When she came
up the stairs and saw that my father was sitting in the living room, she said that she had
not greeted him.
She was surprised that
I had called him and asked him to come down.
I felt that she could not grill me the way she had planned to do.
They were there for half an hour and then they left.
It was not long before
I came out of that meeting.
We were called in for a meeting in November
2012.
We were told that we would get a visit from a doctor.
We took him to the doctor and told
him that he could come home.
Then the first two visits came at the appointment time.
He came 25 times without notice.
What he was going to investigate were the general relations at home?
If there was any violence or if the children had marks on their bodies that should not be there.
He was there from
November 2012
until February 2013 for three months.
He found nothing.
The children went in a truce and singled out.
He could not see any marks on them that should not be there.
There were blue marks, but it was blue marks that all children get on their bodies.
Then he wrote two very good reports on us that
I felt the children were just left to the side.
We then put our case after this.
We were told that we would be taken up again after six months.
After his son had moved out in September 2012, she started to tell stories in the kindergarten.
I do not know exactly what she said.
When he moved out, no one asked him.
They do not miss him.
They do not ask why he moved out.
It seemed as if they were happy that he was no longer there.
She did not tell anything from
October 2012
until she started school in August
2013.
It was around six and a half.
After a week she came home from school.
She was sad because she had been put in the basement by a room alone with a teacher.
She was sad because she could not sit with the others in the classroom.
She did not want to go to school.
She was in a coma for a week.
I tried to talk to the teachers at school, but
I felt
I was not so happy.
I tried several times to get an appointment.
It took about five or six weeks before
I was allowed to meet at school.
I talked to the school principal about
Natalia.
We talked about how we could do the
best for her.
She should get a much better everyday life at school.
I got a message from my doctor about an appointment.
I ordered the appointment two days later and
I got the appointment a week later.
My doctor thought it was too early for an emergency.
She had only been at school for five weeks.
I found out that the school had already called the day before.
They had already sent in a concern letter the day before
I was supposed to meet the school principal.
I felt very depressed.
I felt
I had been at that meeting for no reason.
What was the school's concern?
The school's concern was that she had told things about us at school.
She had been in a very abnormal state of mind at school.
She had been in the living room with other children at school.
She had told me these things.
I don't recognize my own daughter anymore.
It's not like that.
I don't experience her like that.
Neither do we.
I don't feel like I'm experiencing her like that.
She has always been
caring for others.
She has always loved others.
She has been helpful.
I feel like they are showing a monster in the way they present her.
You said that she came home after a short time and was tired and didn't want to go to school.
Was she mistreated?
Yes.
You must have been connected with the others.
That the school had perceived her in a special way.
I must have been.
I feel like they were very sharp in taking her out of the classroom and putting her in a room by herself.
She reacted very negatively.
Yes.
Something we didn't get to hear about what they did.
Not why they did it.
No.
It was the best thing for her.
What they did.
I think it's
best for a girl at the age of 16 to be placed alone in a room.
When she is looking forward to starting school.
And then she is taken out of the classroom and placed alone in a room.
I think it has a lot to do with when she went to kindergarten.
Two girls from
kindergarten were there and talked
to the two oldest girls in 2012.
I didn't get to know what was said in the conversation with the girls.
I asked if I could get a report on what was said.
I got a total no. When
I picked up the girls from kindergarten the day they had been there.
The first question
I got from the oldest girl was if these two ladies would come and take them.
I started to think about
it.
Have they said anything to them about this?
If they are not nice they will come and get them.
Do they believe in anything?
I don't know.
But the conversations were in the aftermath of the episode you talked about in the fall of 2012. Yes.
It must have been connected to the fact that they had been exposed to something from their half-brother.
Yes.
I wasn't told anything before he came into the house.
I was honest with Jan-Ferrik before he moved in with us that
I was very skeptical about him coming into the house.
Because he had
been to kindergarten since
2004.
I have friends who have lost their children for no reason.
I knew a little about kindergarten at that time.
I thought he would take his son into the house to help him as best as he could.
Give him a home instead of living in a foster home he lived in before he came into the house.
I thought about it and supported him.
I would have done the same if it had been my son.
I tried to take him to me as if he were my own.
But
I kept hearing that
I wasn't his mother and
I had
nothing to say to him.
He was always against us.
He lied a lot to us.
He was very angry with her.
I tried to tell him that as long as the situation is as it is now, we should just end it the way it is.
You have been in the foster home system for eight years.
Yes, I haven't been
directly, but the foster home system had been in the mother's family for research.
I had had close contact with them.
I didn't know anything about them before
I got this letter in
2010.
What
I react to when it comes to the foster home system is that they have these
, I would say, hearing of the girls, where they ask them leading questions.
They bring a bowl with grapes in to feed them.
And then they ask strange leading questions as if they are looking for something.
At that point the girl is three and five years old.
I ask them a question, if we don't know anything before the girls come to us.
As Christian said, these are the girls who take us.
These were two happy girls and they were spending the night with their grandparents.
What happens after the girls have been there is that the older one doesn't want to be with them anymore.
She would rather be at the visit and say yes, I want to stay the night.
When the night or evening comes and she is going to bed, she gets a full panic and screams, I want to go home to my mom and dad, I want to go home to my mom and dad.
So that she, at that point, becomes traumatized in a way, that she has a fear, that was obvious when she didn't want to stay the night with them.
We arrived in 2013 and she started school.
The school sends a message to the authorities, September 12th.
What happens after that?
We don't know what they have planned.
I was supposed to pick up her daughter at school on October 1st
, 2013.
I was going to meet the principal and another person at the door.
The principal asked me if I had received a phone call.
I looked at her and asked if she had received a phone call from her friend.
The girl said that she had received a phone call.
I said that
I had not received a phone call and that
I could not answer her.
She said that the children had gone to pick up the children.
I stood there frozen, I could not say a word.
I did not know what to do.
It was like a roller coaster just went down.
I asked why and what, but
I did not get an answer.
The children had done what they had done and they wanted to answer me.
I started to go and pick up the phone.
I called my father and he said that the children had gone to pick up their daughter.
I called Kristian at work, but he did not answer.
I called my father and he said that they had
gone to pick up their daughter.
I found out later that they had
gone to pick
up two young people in the same day.
I called the lawyer and informed him that our daughters had been taken.
And that we had to meet with the Children's Services that day.
There
were many days.
I went down to the Children's Services and was met with three uniformed men.
They told me that
I had to go in and wait outside until
they had explained that they were going to follow me.
I asked why they were going to be there and they told me that they had heard that
I was a dangerous person.
I have been violent.
And you have no experience in the police papers?
No.
And you are still a dangerous person?
Yes.
Before
I could have a conversation with the Children's Services, the three of them were going to follow me.
There were two of them in the room we were in and one outside the door.
They gave me a message that the children had been taken.
They were at a secret address.
I did not know how long we were going to be there.
And the youngest daughter was at that time?
She was 13 months old.
The whole world was shaking.
I did not know what to do.
I was not able to sleep at night.
I did not know what to eat.
I was paralyzed in the living room.
We were allowed to see our mother-in-law and father-in-law every week.
The first week during the attack.
Nothing could help me.
There was no comfort.
There were a lot of questions about why.
And I have a lot of thoughts about how the girls were doing.
Did the three of them get to be together at this time?
The two youngest were placed in the same police station.
She was the oldest.
I think it was a long distance.
They were in Bereskosjan.
She was
at the police station.
The two youngest were placed in the same police station.
When did you find out who had accused you of the attack?
I found out the same day.
I found out that it was violence.
That is why they had taken the children.
Because I had been violent towards her oldest daughter.
The police were in the building.
Were you called in for questioning?
We were called in for questioning in...
How long after that?
November.
I was called in for questioning.
Who was the person who had reported the violence?
What was the content of the investigation?
I was told that
I had been violent.
It was the son who had told me that
I had been violent.
I said that it was very strange.
When I was on leave, I paid the man who had told me.
I paid the money.
We made the decision not to have the son in the house.
I feel that no matter what
I have said and tried, they have never believed me.
Never.
To get such a complaint, as if you were going to be violent towards a child, which is your own...
It was tough.
It is difficult.
What is even more difficult is that...
After six weeks the girls were taken, they are taken to the children's home.
They are taken away from the children.
I think it is a very long time, six weeks, when you are supposed to do it after one to two weeks, maximum two weeks.
They have taken a very long time.
At the same time, they have been investigating the girls at Hukland Hospital.
They have found nothing.
The doctor said that they had not found old traces, but they had found fresh traces.
These fresh traces were after the girls were taken.
It takes a long time.
We get this punishment on
us, but what happens is that it takes three years before our case is brought up.
More or less since November 2013, and comes up in November
2016.
He has been
quiet for eight months, and the police has not done anything.
And then suddenly, we read in the newspaper about a couple who are accused of violence against their daughters.
When you read that, and you contact the lawyer and hear about this, he said that you are responsible for this, and that we should run.
We should not do that.
But you said that it was your son who came with the accusation.
Now you said that it was violence against your eldest daughter.
Was it he who accused you of having done violence against your eldest daughter?
Yes.
He has also said that in the police station and at the children's hospital, that
I had done violence against him.
What
I find strange is that no charges have been filed against him.
And the violence you were supposed
to have done against your daughter, can you describe how it was presented?
They accused me of having dragged my eldest daughter down the stairs so that she had sunk her head.
And that will set a trail.
It will.
And I have tried to explain that if I had done anything so drastic, then in the worst case, she would have had her eldest daughter sitting in the wheelchair today.
They would have at
least put her on the scale with the head that she had had severe bleeding or that
I had injured her head.
And this must have happened during the three months he lived in the house, in 2012.
And when she is in the hospital in Haukland, they find no old trace.
No, they don't find anything.
And when your daughters are called into the children's hospital and told about this, what is their statement?
Do they confirm the accusation or do they deny it?
They don't say anything.
What she says, but first she comes in, is that she uses the word, they beat me.
She doesn't say anything about me or my mother.
Nothing comes out that we have done anything that has been violent against her.
And what the doctors in Haukland had said was that she had new spurs, no old ones.
So they beat me.
Can you, after six weeks, refer to completely different people?
They can.
And probably they do.
She was just sitting there for 20 minutes.
And during those
20 minutes she went out four times.
She didn't want to talk to them.
What she said was that she wanted to go home.
She sat there for almost an hour.
And then nothing happened.
The only thing she showed was that she had a baby.
And then she went home and the baby was lying.
That was the only thing that came out.
When
I first saw them
, I thought that they use the leading questions, they try to find something so that the girls can tell something that is not natural.
The only thing they have is the hearing of the girls in the nursery.
And there is no evidence that neither the owner nor the mother has ever proven anything.
And Vike Vell, who I want to tell you about, when the punishment comes up and we get a sentence, we get a sentence.
And it is incredibly painful.
It is very tough not to be trusted and listened to when we say that we are innocent and haven't done anything.
And you know what is the case.
You found out that it was a sentence against a sentence.
The only way you could, almost, subvert your own credibility was to take a test, a test of a detector.
And
I did that for two and a half months
after the girls were arrested.
You know that you haven't done it, but to show others that you are speaking the truth, I think it was very painful and not the most difficult thing for my
family to know that
I had been
accused of this.
So I took a test and it showed that
I speak the truth, that
I am not lying.
And you have a wife who has been to the place and who also can tell that she has never seen or registered or had any suspicions about it.
And you have had a witness for three months who has seen if there was anything that indicated that there was an atmosphere or any sign of it.
And his conclusion is also clear.
Yes, he was there for three months as
I said, and he wrote two words and there was no way that we had done it.
So that's how I perceive it, an accusation that has come from a person who has had a certain tendency to not speak the truth, who is perhaps bitter or has a nose, and on that, all this is spun.
I have to say that after he moved from Ossien, he was placed in a nursing home, and then moved on to a foster home after that.
Now there are three homes he lives in after he moved.
It has also come to the conclusion that he has accused our children of coming to the foster home after us, and that the foster home came after that, because they have also used violence against him, because he should be noticed.
So it's a pattern.
Yes.
But
I feel that the children's friends do not believe this.
I feel that
they just push it aside.
We found out that we have blamed him, a ten-year-old boy, for something that his father did.
That this episode that happened with Natalia, it was not his fault, it was
his
father's fault.
Has the boy said that?
I feel that the children's friends
interpret it.
It is as they have said to us, that we have blamed him for something his father has done.
Yes.
Now it is the same in Norway, that you should not be able to judge
a criminal case without a 100% certainty difference.
How do you experience the justice system and the interpretation of evidence?
First of all, I want to say that
I have lost total faith in the
Norwegian system.
To be judged without any kind of evidence they have, it is word against word.
It is a case that goes word against word.
It is incredibly tough when the verdict is read out.
I got such a strict punishment.
First of all, I am shocked and shocked.
What
I have said and said again is that it is high-level justice murder.
It has gone so far that there is good prestige in our case.
The father of the child is the one who does everything he can to manipulate our girls.
They continue to do it against us.
At the same time, they are being introduced to the fact that the father should be behind the bars and they are also trying to do it against the mother.
Have there been accusations from the environment around these girls, foster parents?
There is no one who has come with any evidence that we have done anything.
No, but have they made accusations against you in the past?
They have said that
I must have done something.
And that is something they are still trying to do?
Yes.
As I said, they have had six weeks on their hands.
Who knows what they have done, what they have gone together to do and say.
Hon Nelse has come to Samberg, so we have had some.
I went straight to the father and said that he has never abused me.
No, I have not.
Because
I told the foster mother that the father has done it.
This is in the case of the information provided by the house, so how in the world can they have got out stories like that?
So you think that the girl has said it?
Yes.
I feel that
Hon Elst had
a very close connection to the father.
When the son moves in to us, he has a lot of needs, he has to have a lot of attention almost all the time.
It was almost like we had to tell him, now you have to do this, now you have to do that.
Then she pulled away from the father and he asked me to come, because he had to spend a lot of time with his son.
But after he moves out again for us, she is back where she was.
She is still a father-daughter that day.
It is like she comes to the living room and maybe she sees me first.
She has almost no time to give me an introduction, like where is daddy?
And then she runs to him.
But I think that this is because before he moves in to us, our foster mother sends two concerns to the foster mother, that they do not think it is smart that he moves in to us, because he has a lot of needs and difficulties.
Since we had two small children and they had one on the way.
These are concerns that we have been told long after he has moved out from us, which we have not even seen.
This is the central information that you should have to make a assessment.
I think it is very stupid that they hold back things.
But we have said that in many reports.
There are things we have said to them that they have not written down.
The case with his son, who she was, was not written down.
They apologized that she had so much to do that day, so it was not written down.
In the court of law, Ronnager says that she did not know about this case until January 2014.
It is written in the papers that she found out about this the day she found out.
She was lying in court.
We do not get any information, we are not heard.
No one on the private side is heard, only the other side is heard all the time.
I am confused, what should we do?
What can we do?
The girls ask if they can come home, they want to come home, when they can come home.
I think it is very painful that we can not say anything.
We should not talk to them about things.
We have been told that if we ask them about something, we should not answer them.
That is not right.
These three girls live in three different places.
We meet them two times a year, four hours a year.
She is younger, so we meet four times a year, three hours a year.
So it is not much.
She remembers that she knows everything she knows who we are.
She says mom and dad, they are living with us now.
They live with my brother.
I have asked the case lawyers many times if
they can tell Malomarie who is who of us.
They say that she is too young, they understand who is who.
She is five years old.
They say that we confuse her if we say mom instead of mom
Kristin.
I have asked them if they were honest with her from the first moment.
If they said that they are aunt and uncle and we are mom and dad, she would not have been confused.
They confuse her that she does not know where she belongs.
Many of the children in the care system have developed post-traumatic stress syndrome.
How has it been with the children?
Both of our elders
have developed post-traumatic stress syndrome and associated disorder.
I feel that it is something that all children get diagnosed
with when they are taken out of the home.
It is also a reason for the development of the child.
They claim that they were developed before they
were taken out.
Yes, we claim that.
But what is found in research clearly states that being taken out of the home gives a lot of stress and a lot of risk for developing post-traumatic stress syndrome.
Being moved several times and falling into insecurity, being taken out of the home, all of this contributes to the development of the child.
I am glad that the two youngest are able to walk a little bit, but it is not much.
They live here, while the oldest lives in Sweden.
She does not get the same treatment she deserves, that she meets her siblings.
I have talked to the father of the children's care center many times about the fact that they break the FN's children's convention on not being
allowed to meet children much more than they do today.
They claim that she is afraid of her parents.
We have talked about this with the mother of the children's care center.
She claims that she is not afraid of her parents, as the children want her to be.
She claims that this is why they have so many siblings.
It is painful to see that the oldest is completely on her own.
How she is living her life.
It is incredibly painful.
I am so helpless and want to do as Mia and the other elders do, coming on Sundays and asking when they can come home.
They tell me that
I have to do something.
It is almost like calling for help.
I remember going to the summer camp with my mother.
We followed her car.
She ran behind another car and hid.
I followed her and she was crying.
I asked her why she was crying.
She said that she did not want us to leave because she wanted to be with us at home.
I picked her up and tried to talk to her.
She looked at me in the eye and said that
I had to do everything
I could to get her home.
She said that
I had to work
every day.
I said that
I did.
She said that she wanted to know.
It is very painful.
We struggle and do everything we can to get her home.
It is incredibly difficult.
You do not know what to say when they ask.
When the children themselves have said that we should not talk about things and that we should not tell them anything.
We should just be completely neutral and try to behave in a normal way.
It is not easy.
Not when they ask.
No.
The only thing
I have said to the children is that they can
come home when they can.
I have said that mom and dad, we do everything we can.
We struggle every day to get you home.
That is all
I have said and that is all I feel I can say.
I cannot say anything more.
I cannot promise anything.
It is incredibly painful.
There is a criminal case here and you can file it.
We have filed it and we have come through to the legal action.
We are going to be up in the beginning of September.
Almost a year after we have come up in the court.
It takes an incredibly long time.
When you go and you have lost the love you have in your life.
It is an incredibly difficult day and it is incredibly difficult to bear.
There was a happy and well functioning family that liked to go on trips and like to be out.
Be active.
And then the line breaks.
Yes.
Our whole life was turned upside down.
We were totally fed up with going on trips.
It was a pain.
Even going down to the post office to get the mail.
It was a pain.
Going to the store, meeting people, seeing other families with children.
It was incredibly painful.
I got pregnant in the fall of 2014.
It was a bit of a help for me.
I had to go on trips
every day.
In November 2015 we were called in to the child care.
There was a concern from someone who had called anonymously.
I was upset with my husband.
I was nervous.
He was on a trip.
He did not get food.
He did not get trips.
He was out all day.
I had to laugh a bit when
I was on the phone.
I was getting serious.
What is happening?
I do not understand why I should not have children in my home.
Why should
I not have a dog at home?
There is someone who wants to hurt me so much that
I should not have anything.
Did you get a copy of the letter of concern?
I got it.
It was also in the letter of concern that it was stated that we had been to a party in the summer of 2015.
Me and him were supposed
to be very drunk.
I was supposed to use violence against him and he was supposed to use violence against me.
I was looking at her and she said, I have to tell you that we have been to his party and when will this happen?
We have not been to any parties.
We do not drink.
Very rarely do we have a beer.
I was looking
at her and wondering where did this come from.
We do not know who called the letter of concern.
It was not called to the party.
The only thing we knew was that it was one of our acquaintances or friends who called the letter of concern.
The party knew who it was?
They said they did not know who it was, but they get a display of who calls.
I think they did not know who it was.
Do you think that it was someone who called?
I do not think so.
I do not know if it was someone who called or if it was something that the party had set up.
The party's employees have been accused of producing false statements.
They have also been accused of pulling things.
I have been through this for two years with the children and
I get myself a dog to try to get over it.
The three years that have passed since the girls disappeared, there has not been any life in the whole thing.
That is why
I got myself a dog.
I have to go out and get some other things to think about.
I have to sit at home and look at the pictures on the wall.
All of your things are those that are at home.
I have not gotten myself to pack anything.
I feel that if
I do that, I pack down a part of the girls.
But that you are being accused of it because of a dog,
I think that is crazy.
It is horrible.
What I am trying to say to the children is that
I have not gotten children
to be mean to them.
I have gotten children because
I want to be their mother.
To have them around me and see them grow up.
To follow them, to support them.
To give them care and love.
We love our children more than anything else on earth.
They are the only
ones that mean something to us.
You have received an attest from two children services that you were well-suited to work as a home.
Yes.
It is not only about the children services that
I am doing, but also about the home.
Also, a psychologist is telling us that if the girls cross the border where we live, she should take this with her.
It was a strong enough reason for her to want the girls to come back to us.
The girls get a scheme and they cross the border and they want to come back to us.
And she manages to sit in the name of the people and tell something completely different.
And say that the girls should not come back.
The reason that the girls should not come back is because there is a judge.
But you have some experience with having children in foster homes.
Have you ever had any doubts that the children have been exposed to something there?
I have to say
that the first time we had contact with the two girls, or at the beginning we had contact with the two girls together, we met them after a week.
When
I see that she comes into the room, she is totally stiff.
She is completely paralyzed.
She just stands there and looks out of the room, completely sad.
She says, hi little friend.
Then she comes running towards me.
She cries for four hours in the summer.
I see that she has tears in her eyes.
It does not seem like she has slept at all for a week.
And when you hear that they do not want to sleep when they come to foster homes, and that the foster mothers have to stay with them for three weeks after they are taken out of the home.
I do not understand.
We have never had
any problems with sleep on the girls.
They have slept all night from birth.
After they come in the foster home, all the problems begin.
They do not get sleep, they are difficult.
The foster mother describes them as three monsters, I ask.
When they are not at all.
What I wonder is that they blame us for violence.
But they have also used physical force on our girls.
She is lying down in the back in the middle of the summer.
She is sitting with her knees up against her chest.
She is blaming us for making this for the best for the children.
Because the father and the mother are starting to show feelings.
The girl is getting very sad and it is difficult to handle.
She uses her power to put her daughter down.
I am standing here and looking at this.
If
I had been
as strong as
I am today
, I would have done something completely different.
I would have just stood here and looked at the abuse that is being done.
It is incredibly horrible that they can do that.
They just throw it away because they usually do it.
This is what we have to do for the children's
best.
When it comes to the oldest, she tells us that her grandmother has been mean to her.
She has hurt her one arm.
Because her grandmother has put her down and taken her arm back.
We take this up with the children's best when they just... Well, then she had to do it because...
The situation demands it.
Yes.
We did
not find ourselves in this and we have reported this to the first lady.
We have also reported school to the oldest.
Because there were four adults who put her down and held her.
What comes out is that they had to do this to the child's best because of a co-incidence.
She had a mother and father who had taken her out.
After that.
I asked them what it could be because she is in doubt about her will.
That is a shame.
But it seems that four adults should not take a little child and put her down.
We reported that.
Half a year later, both things are over.
Because they have not been inside.
The police have not been inside once.
They did not care.
They did not have to go through with it.
No.
So you two had confidence in the child welfare system until you met both?
We did not meet.
I did not know anything about it.
You may have been involved before you actually found out about it.
I do not understand anyone.
In the same situation we are sitting in.
The children's world has shown in the last two years a survey in the Netherlands.
80% of parents who have experienced child welfare are positive.
Lawyer Olaf Schylte says that it is a comma error.
It must be 0.8%.
Yes.
Do you agree with that?
No.
I think those who feel it on the body take a long time to realize that it is probably 80%.
That you can live in a country like
Norway.
I never thought
I would come up with such a situation.
Never in my life.
If someone told me that
I would never have thought of it.
I would never have thought of it.
I have no confidence in the child welfare system.
I would have gone to the doctor.
I would have gone to the dentist.
I would have gone to the dentist.
I would have gone to the dentist.
I would have gone to the dentist.
You have also been in a difficult situation for friends and family.
Have they taken some of that?
Dad and
I have taken a lot of it.
Especially my mother.
She was very attached to the balls.
They have taken a lot of it.
They can't meet them.
They had one relationship with them last year.
I don't know what will happen this year if they can meet them this year.
They know nothing.
They took everything to call mom when we were with them.
It is a very big loss for them.
The years we celebrate Christmas with mom, there is almost no Christmas celebration.
We feel that we have nothing to celebrate.
We eat dinner and celebrate for each
other.
The joy is gone.
There is no joy with anything anymore.
I feel that you do
things because you have
to do
things.
There is no joy with anything anymore.
But friends and family have not taken a break from you?
No.
I have a question.
How did we get into this situation?
How did we get blamed for something like this?
The girls have not told anyone in the family or to our neighbors or friends.
Everyone has come to them and said that we have done enough.
We have been punished a lot.
They have always
been
nice and kind.
When you were at the meeting in Banahagen and were to get a reply, nothing negative?
No.
Only good replies.
We asked the girls almost every day how they were doing.
We never got a reply that they could have done anything.
This is Norway now
, 2017.
You you you you you
