 
Let the Children be set free
To their father, to their mother, to their home, their family Welcome to a new episode of the Family Channel.
My name is Rune Fardal.
I have with me Heidi and Ronny Solheim.
We are sitting in the front.
Today we are going to talk about how they experienced child protection and how bad it can be when the competence is not there.
Heidi, how did this start?
It started with Ronny getting three of his children, biological children, back from
Swedish child protection.
Did he live in Sweden for a while?
Since Swedish Child Protection was introduced?
Five years.
So they got you back after a case over there?
Yes.
Then they lived with you?
Yes.
Three children?
Yes.
Then they came to Naustad.
We had involved the children's services in Naustad in the pictures that are here.
Then they had a family investigation and wrote a report back to the Swedish Child Protection.
They had nothing to point out about us as care personals or personalities.
There were many moments, but nothing to point out.
And where they deported the children from Swedish Child Protection?
From the children's services in Naustad.
Then they found nothing to point out?
No.
So then he got the children back.
First came the youngest.
And a few months later the middle and oldest girl came.
How old were the children?
The youngest was about six years old.
And eight and nine years old.
What we noticed was that these were children with very special needs.
So it was clear that these were children who did not have a certain growth condition.
The youngest used, among other things, diapers.
Had been expelled from school.
And very insecure children.
So we started to engage in cooperation to get help for these children.
We had a child who was my second child.
And we had a common girl who was quite newborn when we came.
In the first round, the Child Protection Service was almost set up to meet us and help us.
But it was very difficult to get help when we were in place.
Did you get any support
or help?
After a while, the Child Protection Service was set up to meet us.
And the children were expelled from the PPP.
The PPP too.
But there was a lot of conflict between the PPP and the Child Protection Service.
The PPP thought that the Child Protection Service was not right for us as a family.
In relation to these needs.
The PPP concluded that these were children who were 2-3 years old after development.
So the expert team at BUP thought that most of the children were not put in the right care.
BUP has also better competence than the PPP.
They are psychologists and a bit higher education than the PPP.
The PPP argued that this was a dangerous decision.
They had a strong desire to get the children back.
The Child Protection Service focused on the children from the perspective of the adults.
The focus was not on the children.
If you start talking about it, the children
come first.
When the children lived in Sweden, they were placed in different foster homes.
They were moved several times to different foster homes.
So we were taken care of.
I noticed that when we visited them once a month.
How did you see the children?
We were very happy when we came.
We saw that they were not well.
They did not want to stay at home.
They were very hysterical when we were going to travel.
We noticed that they had bad language, bad hygiene, very bad clothes.
We often had a lot of clothes and equipment for them.
It was also reported that when they got the birthday gift, the Christmas package, this was taken from the foster families in Sweden.
They were not allowed to keep it because they had gotten it from the father.
Was it removed or given
to others?
It was given to others and the young people.
I saw that in the Finnish children's home report, which was published by the Minister of Public Apology.
It was reported that the foster children who had received the Christmas gift from their parents, were taken away.
They were given to the biological children and they got something cheap.
For example, they had gotten a bicycle, but the biological daughter and the foster child got a used bicycle.
Yes, that was a bit of what we experienced.
It was in a way that these three children felt very unfairly treated in relation to our children who
lived there.
There was a bit of jealousy and we worked a lot with this.
After a while we got some care money, which was very much taken away from us because the foster children almost took it away from us.
Then we got some back, so it was actually very unstable.
It was right that they moved back.
But after a while it turned out that they were getting better and better.
They calmed down and started to get their safety back.
Then in the fall of 2013, we noticed especially on
her oldest daughter that she was very aggressive.
She spoke very harshly and we wondered what it was.
Then she suddenly got a bit of a change.
Was it 2013 or something?
Yes, 2012.
Then we come to the 6th of December 2013, when
I was traveling to work in the morning.
I was at work in the daycare.
I had been in the police force.
The police called and called the local police.
I got half an hour to get to Arhøy.
If I didn't get there in half an hour, they had to come and pick me up.
Did you plant a bomb in the ground?
No, to put it that way, I had sent two of our youngest daughters to kindergarten.
I was pretty angry because we got her a Sunday in February 2014.
I wasn't particularly scared.
Usually if you go to Arhøy, you get
a letter and then they tell you the time you can come.
But not half an hour, or else you get a bomb.
I was really scared to say it like that from the police.
I was very scared because
I didn't understand what it was.
It wasn't told.
Then
I had to travel from work.
It was a very short way, it was only five minutes.
I got to the police station and still didn't know anything.
I was just placed in a room.
There
I was informed that a patrol car was sent from the apartment to a man named Ronny.
With two police officers.
I asked what had happened and they told me that these three children had been picked up by the children's warden.
And then by the nurse Thuri Bruhland at the school.
Where they were born?
In Nørrestad.
We were then suspected of serious violence against these children.
I was shocked.
I was totally surprised.
I was a little worried about what happened to him, what happened to the other children who were in the children's ward at school.
There were probably a thousand thoughts going through my head.
So then it was time to listen.
Did you get to know anything concrete?
What kind of violence you were supposed to have?
To a very small extent.
It was about beating and licking.
It was mostly that it went on. These were children who had told you about their step-sister?
After a while we got to know that the older girl had been in a man's room with her step-sister.
And told about the violence in the home.
I saw on the first hearing that
I was completely convinced that this was something the children had planted.
This was not something they
could speak or have managed to put into practice.
It was a bit of a shock.
It came to light that the children were in treatment at BUP.
The first two older girls had spoken about violence
at BUP.
And then he, the youngest man, had also started to talk about the violence in BUP.
Even though BUP had
written a report about how close and close the relationship between him and
I was.
But that was never taken into account.
It was never taken into account in the court or in the court of law.
There was no room.
We were then a quarter exposed to severe accusations of the BUP.
We were on a pregnancy control when he was to be born.
Here at the Central Hospital.
BUP had parked our car at the parking lot.
We went straight to the police and filed for kidnapping of his youngest son.
How was the kidnapping?
Was it the youngest who was in the hospital?
Yes, he was in the hospital.
He had a lot of ear, nose and throat problems.
We thought he was going to a control ward, but we didn't know anything about it.
It turned out that the police had snatched away everything the child welfare service said.
Two days later the police came with a contact ban.
Both the child welfare service and the police denied that it was not because of this episode.
Because we documented that it was my first child and that we had been there for a long time.
You were at the medical control ward, the car was parked outside and you were at the control ward.
For the child who was not born.
Then the head of child welfare escalates this by believing that you are going to kidnap the youngest son.
Who might have to be in control at the same place.
There is not much control there.
Yes, it's a crazy thing to say.
And then the head of child welfare escalates.
Wasn't her name
Loen?
Yes, it was her, Monica Loen.
And then it was him, Nuda Nuitup.
Then they escalate the situation without knowing anything concrete.
They believe that your car is parked there, so it is
to kidnap someone who was going to the control ward.
They do not check with you if you were actually going to the control ward, that this is purely coincidental.
Just escalate the situation and make drama.
Connect the police, Connect the police, dictate this visitation ban.
And make real drama.
That was the first court case in the control ward.
Then they said that we were going to kidnap the child.
The court did not take into account the documentation
at all.
They insisted that we tried to kidnap the youngest.
The child welfare officer never said to the boy, he never said that.
They just walked away.
They never talked about going back and telling him that we had never been
there to kidnap him.
So today he lives in the belief that we were there to kidnap him.
It is a bit like a drama course.
You are a bit surprised because the children welfare officers have a law that says that they should work for a return.
In the long run, if the parents are unable to have the care, the children should work for the parents to be able to have the care.
To do such drama, I feel, is the counter-work.
Good dialogue.
It is not easy to keep dialogue with people who are going to make such drama for nothing.
After some time passed, there were more and more accusations, more and more serious accusations from the children welfare services.
The reason that the children had opened up after they were placed.
How long did they live with that after they came from Sweden?
From 2011 until December 6,
2017.
So two years ago.
Did any other
people have any idea that they were worried about the children before this suddenly happened?
Neighbors, acquaintances?
It turned out that every year, one of the neighbors had a certain relationship with the then nurse, her name was Turid Bule.
So they had him write some false statements.
Was he inside?
Did he see you on a daily basis?
He was just looking out of the kitchen window.
He did not have any social relations to that.
He could not know anything.
He could not observe anything other than a normal daily life.
He was not much of a homebody.
He drove past the house to and from the yard.
So he was planted by the nurse as an informant.
So that the nurse of the children welfare services would find something.
What was also the case was that we had very good contact with a neighbor family.
So she had a girl, so she loved the girl.
They were best friends.
They were in contact with each other every day.
The same day, the first time the girl had spoken of violence, the neighbor girl had also spoken of violence.
In their home?
Yes.
So both of these friends said that they were involved in violence in both their families.
Yes.
And of course it also came to light that
Biologisk
Bor had had
contact on social media and on the phone with these two girls.
And if the violence was caused by them.
The children welfare services in Næustad were well aware that there was a parental conflict.
Biologisk Mor did not want them to have these children.
It was a child welfare case where she expressed that it was not good that the father saw.
Yes.
It only started a week after he had gotten the children back.
Then she started that process.
Yes.
About the daughter being exposed to violence at his home?
No, she was trying to get all three children back.
She had a case in Fjordalen.
There was a case there.
I won that time.
So the children stayed at home.
We understood that the police had a good relationship with the children.
It came out very quickly.
Was it the police in Føredal?
Was it the county magistrate in Næustad?
Yes, it was the police in Føredal.
There are small relationships, not many people.
A room here would have contacts on a
personal level very
quickly.
It is typical.
Then the professionals disappear and
I know them, so therefore
I have a bad attitude.
We experienced that very strongly.
Extremely strongly.
The police took everything from the children's ward.
The police did not contact the children's ward service to get out of contact and visitation ban.
It was very close.
They worked for the children's ward.
Sissele Kleivand, who was responsible for the criminal cases, said directly in the law of the Bergen district that she had contact with foster parents and children's ward service.
At that time this had happened.
It was probably to give an impression that she had a lot of insight into this.
But probably she did not see the daily care so much.
I think she worked on...
It is not her job.
No, it is not.
Police and lawyer.
They mix well.
It was a huge job.
This happened in 2013 and the law of the Bergen district was in the summer of
2016.
It was a long process to document that these violent acts had not happened.
It started to mix my mother into this.
She had a jump with the children
after the children with the X. She has had six hip surgeries and has been in a wheelchair for the last 15-20 years.
They construct a case instead of reducing conflict and vehicle dialogue.
They do the opposite.
They construct a case that should look bad to win.
Do you know who the lawyer was?
Was it Vegsund?
It was Vegsund.
I almost thought so.
He is not unknown.
He was the municipal lawyer for the next one.
I saw him in the literature house in Bergen.
He was sitting and reading the words and I was sitting there on the computer.
He said that he would win.
That is his focus.
We reacted strongly to the public statements.
They took the stories to Vegsund with all their might.
They never asked questions.
The witnesses were denied.
You did not get to bring witnesses?
No.
I think there were eight witnesses.
Everyone was denied.
You get the impression that the public statements are taken in advance.
They do not want to hear the arguments.
They do not write them down so that they can be used later.
You should not be able to do much to understand that they are denied to bring witnesses.
That is human rights.
It was a bit of a shock.
It was a constructed case.
That is what the law has described in its verdict.
The children have received a list of what they should say in their verdict.
The children's ward has not taken into account that the children have been planted.
So you made sure that the children's ward understood what was constructed?
Yes,
they had the judge's ears.
The boy was twice in the judge's ear.
The first judge's ear did not say anything about violence.
The next judge's ear said something
about being kicked down the stairs.
He said, I am finished now.
Suddenly he turns around and says, wait a minute, there was one more thing
I knew
I had to say.
He was instructed to take this and that.
Was it the police who heard that?
Yes.
They did not know anything about the way they were being held.
They just had to say it and that was it.
The children's ward says that they have not spoken to the boy in the meantime.
But that is the newspaper report that they have done.
Both the foster parents and the children's ward.
They lied about what they had done and the newspaper report shows that they had spoken to the boy.
Yes, they have papers on that.
There is something called the fine for lying to victims of violence.
Yes.
But they do not use it when they meet them themselves.
The children's ward is exempt from
Norwegian laws.
Norwegian laws are not for children's ward.
You often get the impression that there is a state in the state.
The police do not dare to have a basis or have such a close bond with them.
They do not have any counter-intentions.
That is scary.
Maybe that is why there are eight or nine cases on the NK now.
Against the Norwegian children's ward.
Exactly because of the summer.
Now my case is on the high list.
I do not have the answer to that, but it is in the book.
I do not have time to look at it.
That is often the case with such cases.
But of course this has had enormous consequences for us as a family.
We have still had three children at home.
We have taken care of all the children in this area.
No one has anything left to do.
Of course
I had to leave my job with this.
Ronny did not get a job.
This had serious economic consequences for us.
The children's ward constructed this case.
This caused our house to go on a prison sentence.
Yes.
This also happened at the same time.
This is where the criminal case and the children's ward case occurred.
It must have been a big burden.
It is now.
It is common for people to be subjected to public abuse.
We have to take care of them.
We take care of the house, the children and the job.
Yes, they had really been in trouble.
After we won the criminal case, there was a retrial case.
The criminal case was a big burden.
The criminal case was then approved by the authorities.
Yes, it was approved by the authorities.
Then there was a retrial case.
The municipality then
took responsibility for the parents.
They refused to give me their address.
They refused to cooperate.
So that is where we are now.
At the same time, the municipality of Nævstall carried out a total retrial.
There was no talk of us getting jobs again.
The municipality of Nævstall, who had been writing these false complaints, got the man to buy the house for under half the tax.
400,000.
That is the amount of money the municipality had.
The councilor in Nævstall is the boss of all employees.
I have seen him on TV trying to get a land.
But it is mostly pretty poor.
He has said that the enemy is here.
He has said that they could stop the criminal case.
Not only that, but when they had
gotten it approved, the neighbor went and robbed our house.
So they got what was here?
We did not
get what was here.
And he threw it away.
It is always the words we have left.
Is there anything later that you have a criminal case?
We have all the police.
We have a criminal case for the police.
But they prioritize him over us.
They think that we have come
with violence against him.
But it is a pretty big goal, to go under the concept of violence that the municipality did against you.
That is, to harass, sell the house, instead of letting you in the hallway
, to be able to pay, what was it?
Was it a public...
It was mostly a municipal issue.
Instead of giving the family some time, they destroy the whole family.
The kindergarten should have been on the track to help the parents get back on track to have the care.
But they do it.
It is against the law.
Yes, and it was clearly too much for the kindergarten.
We were thrown out, things for the children.
Everything was destroyed for them.
So it was not enough that they had produced a case and taken the money from the children.
But they also had
to take everything they had.
Yes, it is the Nøvstav municipality, with the councilor and the head of the kindergarten.
There are a lot of cases in Nøvstav that were even worse.
We all know the Bonario case.
Where a fight in the backyard ended with five children being snatched in the same way.
They were taken in and they went on a total loss.
In the end they moved back to the novel.
They traumatized a whole family on direct, false, constructed charges.
And it is the same thing you are telling about the same
kindergarten in Nøvstav.
They construct something instead of suppressing the conflict and finding a way out.
Then they get a
neighbor to spy on them, and produce a nurse in there, who
has really obviously gone out on her full power as a nurse.
When they took the case in the laboratory, the case disappeared.
They should have taken the drawings.
They should have said, we have to kill this for the childrens sake.
Get them back on their feet.
Instead they are being chased by a bat.
They should not be able to fly.
We take care of them, and Brenner always has a good helper.
I also ask this question, and it is a question of whether a nurse can travel to a school, and
sit there alone with the children, and talk like that, without it becoming a critical question.
That is how you read it, maybe it can happen in North Korea.
Where the state owns everything, but it is not Norway.
The nurse has obviously gone outside most of the rights you and the children have.
The children should have, even in relation to the childcare, the children have a demand for a number of people.
We lived in Nævstol for two years, after they took the three children.
After they took the three children, there has not been a single meeting with the Nævstol municipality.
They have not made any progress?
No, suddenly at the end of 2015, the case was moved to the fourth municipality, by the municipality, and perhaps the Nævstol was responsible for it.
At least the municipality did it.
For what reason did you move?
They considered themselves so inhabitable.
In Nævstol?
Yes.
When you have seen a family, and then suddenly they were inhabitable.
I would call that throwing away responsibility, not taking responsibility.
Now you take this case to the fourth, and then we wash our hands.
Now we have destroyed what we can.
Now I got the first cohabitation with my oldest daughter here in the fourth.
It was really good cohabitation.
There were some wonderful things going on this year.
It took four or five days.
When the Nævstol municipality realized that they had cohabitation with her, they took her back to the case.
Now she is in Nævstol again.
It's just the main thing.
Then I just have to see if they have taken responsibility for the parents.
If they have
nothing to do with the children, then there is no cohabitation.
What do the children say?
Have you received any signals?
They live in a foster home now?
No, that's what it was.
The children we have here, and she was very happy to meet each other.
They were very happy.
They looked forward to being able to get in touch again, and to be in the team again.
But now Nævstol Barenvast is almost destroyed.
Did they give any reason for that?
No.
They just called the foster home and said they would take the case back to us.
And then they make it even more difficult for you.
Not least for the children.
The children are prevented from making any contact with their father, and other children in the family, and extended family, of course.
Everything is sabotaged from Nævstol Barenvast.
Now it's
2017.
They should soon take the drawings.
They have really done a good job with the Bonaire case.
They reported the parents.
I don't know if that case is finished, but the parents didn't come to the criminal case for violence.
But they reported the parents to the police for violence.
And they gave the same parents five children back.
And they are running after the children who moved from this country.
Yes, absolutely.
And you experience the same thing.
You are acquitted of violence in the criminal case.
And then the head of the children's ward in Nævstol Barenvast, and the councilor, and the mayor, they are responsible.
They continue a witch hunt.
Because
I would assume that if you were to win, they would be on very thin ground.
If the children would come and show that this works, get in touch with you, show that there is no conflict between parents and children, then a head of the children's ward in Låen, who reported me, didn't make it through.
But she is responsible.
She is personally responsible for this.
In Nævstol.
Yes, in Nævstol.
So that is...
And here you have a child ward in Førde, who tries to build up a relationship.
Who tries to take responsibility for what happened.
Be a little more professional.
And then the Lævstol municipality burns down the rules.
So that once the head of the children's ward in Nævstol finds out that the children and the father have contact, they take the case back and cut off all contact.
They got a report on it.
It was completely fine.
It was not anything special?
No, she was at home here.
So that went fine.
They got it right in Nævstol, and then they moved the case back pretty quickly.
A lot of things happen in that building.
Yes.
I think that they are not seeing what is at the children's ward.
And why not?
They are not helping families, or building relationships, or helping people.
They are simply destroying families and giving them what they absolutely can.
And
I think that as politicians, as people
, they must soon take a little cover.
They cannot let unprofessional people get involved.
It seems that it has become very personal.
You will not get it.
No.
While the law puts this head of the children's ward in there they are building up relationships.
When they see on the papers that this can go on, the children are back.
But here they do the opposite.
They are building down.
Every time a bridge opens, they burn it down.
Yes.
So it is in a way that feeling that we have had this year.
The only goal they have had is to crush us, to crush us so mentally that we cannot take care of the others.
Have enough strength to take care of them.
Do some children live in the ward now?
Yes.
We have him on the first floor for three years, and her and the girls for six years.
And then there are three who live outside, the children of the ward who live outside.
He is older than my daughter, he is soon 18 years old, and he is on the ward.
But the children of the ward, do they meet without coming here?
We know that.
Do they live in the ward?
I do not know.
I have to save the address.
I do not know where they live.
But you can hear the dynamics in what is being told.
It is often what you connect with the ward manager in Nørrestad.
In other cases, the Bonario case and other cases from Nørrestad, it is the same family hostile attitude.
I would like to set a professional foundation, to prevent my daughter from contacting them.
They have nothing more to do.
Then it will be personal revenge, from the ward manager in Nørrestad.
Perhaps well helped by
a shadow behind, called Vegesund.
I see his footprint around the ward.
He does not only work in this municipality, he is also famous from other municipalities.
Yes, in Nørrestad and Stryn.
He was very clear about it in the court case, when they were going to take him away from the ward.
Vegesund said he had no confidence, he had no understanding of the law.
He was not interested in dealing with it.
That was Vegesund's personal opinion.
It is probably a matter of winning.
I have heard from other lawyers who know him, but who do not want his name to be known.
He is the type who should first win, and then decide which way to go.
You could see that in the Norge case.
He was there and he was in Stryna.
My
personal opinion of him
as a municipal lawyer, is that he has a game with the heads of the ward.
Once they see that something can happen, he should be contacted.
He wants to be taken away.
He sees that he will be on the court, then it will be a public case, then it will be a case of bribery, and then there will be
a lot of money.
Money is what controls it.
You hear cases where the head of the ward builds up something, builds relationships, gets communication, what the law says that they should do.
We have got the basics in the first step.
Yes.
It is nice weather outside, but the municipal officials up here, they can ask serious questions about whether the head of the ward in Nørrestad is competent for this job, whether he follows the law, and that is personal opinion.
I have worked with the municipal lawyer Vegesund, what should
I say, for economic participation in such cases.
It is not much to earn if the children come home, because then there is no case.
Then there is no conflict such people can earn.
It is a big apparatus that earns money that the farm industry should have the approval of the child capital, as we call it.
So, okay.
Now you have got a little feeling of how another family connected to the head of the ward in Nørrestad, experiences municipal authorities and those who work there.
So I say thank you for here. We will come back with more from Nørrestad, but this time we look out at the fine weather in Føyde.
The sun is shining, there is white on the mountains, the wind is quiet on the lake.
Maybe we should go fishing there.
Is there salmon in the river?
Yes, there is salmon.
Okay, it is nice in Føyde, but the municipal
authorities may have to deal with it.
Thank you for us.
This is what
Føyde looks
like today.
You see, nice weather, white on the top.
Quiet and calm.
The next day Today we are out in the Fjordland.
We are visiting a small village by the lake.
The weather is not too good.
Let us take a look at where we are today.
The village is called Nørrestad.
This is the small village we are visiting today.
This is what it looks like here.
This is what the reception looks like in Nørrestad.
Come in.
We have been here before.
Nice art on the wall.
Nice art.
This is the children's ward in Nørrestad.
I am here.
Soon I will be there.
Nice weather.
Nice building.
The people working in the children's ward are very nice.
They are very nice.
But the people working in the ward are not very nice.
I will be there soon.
