 
Let the children, let the children, let the children be set free
So Nadia, how did this problem start, that you experienced during the childhood?
It started, after I had given birth to Caspian, they came to the hospital and told me Either we take your boy or you have to go to the mother's home
Did they have any foundation in advance?
Yes, my background,
I have previously been married and yes
So they had some kind of concern factors, but apparently they had never seen you as a mother since you came to the birth No, and
I had been through a lot of trials during the pregnancy, but they seemed very interested
in taking
They used your
early days, even though they did not have anything specific to do with the situation Yes Where did they come up, were they at the birth room or where did they come up?
The day after I had given birth, they told me that we had the home ready and pushed me, pushed me in At that moment
I had no lawyer or any network
, I was a little bit sleeping
Did they ask if you wanted any help or assistance first, or was it like, listen, we have the home ready Yes, there was no other alternative
So they had decided beforehand before they had actually met you, apparently Yes How did they go on, did they take you with them to Kaspian then?
No, we had to travel from the hospital to the south of Bergen And there they only had a crisis room, meaning that
I could be there for two or three weeks And everything was fine, the south man suggested that I should get further assistance But there was no free maternity home or anything like that, so they took Kaspian Okay Yes, because there were no other free places at the maternity home
So it seems that they had decided that Kaspian should be
taken
They gave you a false hope that if you went to the south man and showed that you were dying as a mother, then maybe But the south man said that we didn't have time anymore, so
I just went Yes, I didn't get any real assessment, because it was just a crisis room Yes, right
So they had him for three months, I got him back against me saying yes to the wild mother in Horten In Horten, yes Yes, so we were re-invited there, and there
I had a three month long stay, which was extended to four Yes And suddenly
I got a message that the next meeting we would take Kaspian I'm thinking about the three months that they took him from the south man
to the wild mother, how did you experience that?
They have my child in Gissel, so they tried to cooperate, I really wanted to
take urine tests
, they didn't want to pay for urine tests, they weren't interested in anything like that
Did they try to get you to give up what they claimed you didn't agree with, or was it just you trying to get a dialogue?
It was me who had to constantly fight to get in touch
So they didn't come with any offers, like they were promised What it seemed like was that they wanted me to just fall back, or that
I just fell together, but I didn't Okay, and then you came to the wild mother in Horten, and you were there for three months Yes, I was supposed to be there for three months, but I was extended for one month How can you describe that time, what was the daily routine like?
The first day, I saw, they were in the news, Sylvia and Trond, I don't remember the name, but they lost the child, that was the first thing
I saw And I got a flashback, and it really hurt me, and it really hurts, and you are in the same situation yourself, and you see that they take children from others Yes, and in my eyes, and in most people's eyes, I am completely aware of it, normal, good, loving parents, and you see that they lose their children
So that made the whole thing, but...
A bit of a fear, is that what you read?
Yes You didn't get the feeling that their intention was to help you in a way, or did you get the feeling that they just looked at you to try to find something wrong?
Hmm, I was...
Think from the employees
at Wilder, what impression did you get?
The impression wasn't good, but
I was fooled, because the child care worker said to me that you will get help, and our goal is that you will come out of here with Caspian, and we will help you, and so on But the mother home is not help, it is just observations, so
I was fooled It is the same
as many others
who have been to such a mother home, who describe that it is not a help center where you are supposed to learn something that you apparently don't know It is a surveillance center where they make the papers for the child care Yes, but she mentioned that in the letter she wrote to the psychologist up there, it is not something
I helped to do, this is to observe Yes, 3-4 months there, and then you got Caspian when you left?
No, they told me, we will take Caspian at the next meeting, I write an introduction on,
I think it was the child care we wanted to completely remove Ask for advice, what to do now, I was not so confused, and
I was contacted by a woman called Nina Søviknes
I was able to get in pretty quickly, and she helped me with the driver and the place to stay, so we were at the room
It says that the mother is free to stay, that is pretty
overwhelming, that they use the space and then it is free, that is what it says But thanks to this fantastic network
, I was in contact with Magar Atenum, who is a child nurse And I lived there in a shelter for a month, and we wrote reports, and she followed how the day went with Caspian And we sent them anonymously to the child care Did you get any, was it after the meeting?
No, even if no one had done anything criminal And there was no evidence that you were missing the child care
So they had
no basis to follow you or look for you?
No, it says in the newspaper, that none of the helpers did anything criminal, but five police districts were involved It sounds like a big police operation, is it a large-scale attack?
But it shows how the power is abused
They don't have any basis, and they put in five police districts, so the police must feel pretty
embarrassed They even had friends
I had not seen since the term, they had tracked banks, the internet All these electronic things?
Yes, I am pretty sure they found me because they had taken my family's phone
Did you find out if they had any information from the court to listen to?
We are investigating that now As far as
I know, you must have information from the court to do something like that
I don't want to believe that this is a criminal act, and when they come to get him
, I was in the hairdresser
Maybe they have observed you when you were awake?
They had probably stopped and was aware of it
So they came, I think it was
five police officers and two from the child care service
The child is sleeping in his
bed, and
at home he is a child nurse He has it all shining, and they wake up a sleeping baby and use the emergency paragraph
This is for children in serious crisis, and here is a five or six year
old who is sleeping At the safe adults, child nurse, who knows how to handle children Mother is the hairdresser, and five police officers rush in, plus two children's aunts and grab this with them What happened after that?
Did they take
Kasper with them?
Did you get any message from anyone who called?
Yes, they called me and the people who lived with us I got a cohabitation the day after I was supposed to have a cohabitation the day after, I think it was the day they were supposed to give me But suddenly the day
I was supposed
to have a cohabitation they moved him to Bergen Even though
I lived in Ulstenvik, they moved my baby to Bergen Did you get any cohabitation?
Yes, I had to fly back and forth, I got it twice a week You can imagine the costs, hotel, flights
They paid for the travel?
Yes How long did he sleep for?
A few hours
Where was he?
He was at a secret address
So they brought him to you?
Yes, we met at a church mission, they had some kind of a location And you were doing this for a while?
Yes, there were some lawsuits, it took a few months What happened next?
First there was a lawsuit with the Akutvetake, we lost We lost on 13th of August, and then it came to the lawsuit in
Bergen
I had witnesses at every cohabitation, it was very important We even filmed it
So thank you for being
a good helper What conclusions did they come to?
They came to help the case, and that
I should get him back After
almost 5 months in the hospital So it was half a year, or a long time?
Not that long
So you got him back?
Yes, and it was unanimous And you can imagine, because they didn't try to help the case It was the public order that the children's health care didn't follow the law By giving you a life support first
They just
went to the birth room, got a child, sent Nadia to the South Manse And so on to Vilde in Horten Without any help
The psychologist said that the mother's home is not in the emergency room
It's an observation center
They win a
couple of awards
, but then they lose in the public awards in Bergen
Because they didn't do anything
So the children's health care and the employees there broke the law And they don't file the case when they lose But they still send the long complaint to the new home municipality
So
if they were so worried, why did they go?
Now, after I got him home Yes, after you got him back Yes, they have been at my home
They have met
Kasper They have received all the papers from the health care center And then you can develop normally?
Yes, it's absolutely amazing
Completely different But still, recently
I got a letter from the health care center What did they say?
They want me to start a family management And have a responsibility group around Kasper And
I have sent complaints
to this health care center What is the reason
for this?
That I am still in a vulnerable situation Ok, so they claim that they have no observations?
They have the children's health care in the Ulsteinvik municipality
They have seen me and Kasper together
I have black and white, they write good cooperation between mother and child Something they also write in the health care center
So most of the reports show that you are a good mother Kasper works fine, you develop normally But someone at the health care center claims that you need help Yes, and that I am in a vulnerable situation How am I in a vulnerable situation?
Have they said how you are vulnerable?
No, they just claim that
I am vulnerable They are just flushing, completely without any reason?
Yes, but both the The complaint and the complaint is public on my Facebook page
So they just go in and see
Then they can go in and see, follow the documentation
On what these public employees in the health care center
Is the health care center in Bergen?
This is in Volda In Volda, yes, Volda We have some more
things from
Volda that we will talk about later But it is about
If the employees in the health care center are really united At least some of them are united Because there is no objective data that shows that You are neither in a vulnerable situation, nor alone Or Kasper has problems or anything like that No, no No one else has any concerns?
No A couple of aunts up in Volda Yes Really?
Yes And then there is the fact that
I want to live a normal life
With Kasper again But it is not possible for me if I suddenly have to start in the responsibility group meeting
With the health care center
I feel like I am being looked at as a Yes, someone who does not give up Yes Someone who needs help Yes I am ready to start a new life And that distances me from that But that is perhaps where the vulnerability comes in In the health care center
That employees in the health care center have caused you concerns And that you
therefore Or perhaps that is why they say you are vulnerable Yes Because this is the only thing that can actually
Do something to threaten you Yes, the only thing
I need is freedom Freedom from these here in the health care center Yes And as long as all evidence We have great evidence that
Kasper is developing well Good in contact Can do what he should be able to do And yet
They are still doing it Yes It is good to ask questions What is the intention behind what they are doing?
Do they need, what should
I say, children in their system For economic growth?
Do they need a solid foundation for their own work?
Is that really what they are doing?
You can start to wonder Because your case is not unique in that way Because there are many other cases And in Volda there are several cases Which we will probably come back to With the same head of the child welfare Brynjell Solvang Yes, Brynjell Solvang Brynjell Solvang In the head of the child welfare in Volda Because she has also been in the media There was a family up there recently Who wrote an open letter In the West, was it the newspaper called?
And Sundmors Post So she is on thin ice And she had to defend herself with a solid answer
She did not answer the question No But that case we also come back to But it shows that it is The problem is probably The uniqueness of these people in the child welfare And then they put on, you as a mother Worries, a lot of statements
Which I do not have documentation for The documentation actually shows
that
You work perfectly fine And your son is doing just fine And you have a network of many places And it is big
So that there may be
a reason to
Turn this problem
a little That maybe it is the head of the child welfare in Volda Who begins to be a little vulnerable Equitable for cutting
For this and for the other They can not keep on harassing Because it is harassment You knew that Yes Now you have also complained about this The information from the head of the child welfare in Volda Have you been able to respond to that now?
No, I was supposed to be at a meeting one of these days But then me and Caspian were going on a vacation trip So we have to arrange a new meeting Yes Then we will see Then it may be wise to have someone with you Yes, yes, yes
Do not go
alone on such a trip
I can do this
I take all the rules Yes, we can do this Yes, how...
Now you are actually sitting and waiting for a new meeting Yes With the head of the child welfare in Volda Yes Regarding the concern they have raised Yes Yes, I will meet with my business owners And then
I will drive Grimstad and Einar To Sauge or something like that
In Volda Yes And
then maybe to arrange a new meeting or... Yes, it is to go through the process
I had thought that they would end the case Yes You do not know, it is on...
I have not read it But it is on your website Yes, it is on my website On Facebook
Then those who are interested can see what... What concerns the head of child welfare in Volda Produces Because there are no objective observations Or statistics, tests or anything That show that Kasper has problems Kaspian Kaspian, Kaspian, important to get right, Kaspian Has some problems The mother is well functioning
So
I have started to ask questions The head of child welfare in Volda What are you actually doing?
But I will come back to that Because I want to...
I have a couple of other things up in Volda too Yes Where the same head of child welfare Is doing and
looking for In exactly the same way There is nothing, there is good network
Nevertheless, she doubts
On undocumented statements
So Do you think you have got the most important?
Yes We have
managed to keep 25 minutes So it is time to get something
We want to do it We want to do it together No, but I also want to say something And it is that there are so many who ask me for help now Yes And also pregnant mothers Who are around and are life saving
Almost tears in my eyes when
I talk about it
Parents of mothers
at home And they contact me And ask me for help And
I try
as hard as
I can With my own experience and such things But we would like to have more help Yes It might be a reflection to all of you out there Mothers like Nadia And many others Both at the maternity home Mothers who still carry their children
They are worried
They need
people
around them
They need
a network Family, but also friends, acquaintances And also something with professional knowledge Someone who knows paragraphs And can be involved in meetings Advocates or people with knowledge
on the subject That is not enough We need a world against the child That was really well said
Many ask me
for help
And
I have been through it myself Then you have experience And maybe you meet the people who were in your situation When you were suddenly asked about these things What do
I do now?
Where should
I go?
Who can help me?
And there are many thousands out there on Facebook Who think about these things How they... And if a fraction of what is out there can help
Maybe you report as contact persons
For mothers who need help Who need assistance
It can be on permits
It can be
on places to stay
It can be just to have someone to talk to
It can be for example Mothers who need some kind of relief Or some
kind of thing
For example social In the countryside we have relief persons Where the woman is on vacation And there is relief to take care of the farm
Maybe not so much in the countryside But just to be there And help
mothers Especially those who are pregnant and waiting for...
Who are persecuted
I had a broadcast the other day
It was on Thursday or something
Where five mothers from the mothers home Had called our network And asked for help
And they were in the exact same situation now as you were Where they get to meet...
They meet a lot of claims against themselves
That they are not good enough And
they feel insecure
They are scared and afraid of themselves And of course it is not easy to be a good mother When you have to look over your shoulder all the time
Do something wrong now It is important that they have contact And think about...
If more people could stand up like Margaret Henum Without her...
She would not have been
able to do it
She did not
accept me from this mothers home
Only if she opened her homes to the children We saw how this went The children lost their jobs You got your son back And Margaret Henum did a great job that time And there is no reason to be afraid of the police Because the police must actually follow the law And even if five police districts were involved in your case There should be quite a few who have the taste of shame today
They allowed themselves to be used by the children's leaders As we have heard from
Volda for example
That they are the ones who produce concerns
Where there are no objective findings or observations Of the reasons for the concerns So it is a good experience from
Nadia
If that out there can help
Everyone can help
a little in some way
Then there are many mothers and children Who are saved from being destroyed in life And it is not just the children and mothers who get their lives destroyed
It is the whole family who lose contact with the children Who experience trauma
So yes, then we have got most of it, have we not?
Then you have got a request out there
Please contact the mothers who need help
The contact information is out there And the more
people
who
are on the contact information The more mothers and children get help
From this hysteria some of the children are involved in Okay, that is all for today
Then we say thank you here So
I will be back soon with a new broadcast
