 
Let the children, let the children, let the children be set free Welcome to a new show here in the Family Channel.
I have now moved down to Kristiansand.
We are right north of Kristiansand.
It's called Glitter here, isn't it?
Glitter, yes.
We are actually visiting Dom and Harald, who may be known to most.
We are going to have a demonstration here in Kristiansand tomorrow, which is their business.
But let's first take a short introduction.
Who is sitting here?
We start with Oddvar, I was about to say.
Yes.
I have explained what your name is.
I am the same as Harald Dom.
Yes.
My name is Annaly, I am from the Philippines.
Yes.
Alf Magnar Henreisen, from Stavanger.
And I am Rune Fardal.
Dom, from the Philippines.
Yes.
Annaly, what is your name?
Daniel, I am the son of my parents, from Stavanger.
I am Harald, I am Dom, and then Samuel, and then Arald, and then Jolit.
They are two Magnars.
So you have two that the children have taken.
Yes.
If we could start with that, how did the problems start?
What happened first?
It happened with the swirren of Harald, who melted us in the baby.
Anonymously.
We didn't know who it was.
It was just an anonymity.
And I was pregnant with Samuel.
But once Samuel was born, the children sent us a letter,
and they threatened to take him with them.
Because of the problems from the swirren to Harald.
They didn't investigate anything, they didn't make any claims, they didn't come to help.
They said that they were concerned about the report, so they wanted to use the letter 412.
I have learned since then, but I don't know anything about it.
But because of that, we are stuck.
And then they came and took him?
No, they came and did an investigation.
They talked to us, that they would meet us.
Then we said, okay, we haven't learned how to know them.
We should never have taken them with us.
I can't stand it anymore.
Did you live here at that time?
Yes.
You lived here all the time?
Yes.
What struck me when
I came here was that it was country here, and then it was 10-15 minutes down to Kristiansand.
So there is room for young people.
I remember when
I was little, we lived in the same
apartment, and had room to play.
I remember asking, but it was not the most beautiful thing in the country.
You could climb in the trees, now you have to have warm blankets and everything to play around.
When did they take him to Kristiansand?
No, they had a last-dating.
So we were brought here again.
Then Arijel, the second son, came.
Then the girls came here after him.
Then it was 2008, or 2006, when they drove the plane against us.
So we were brought here again in
2007.
Then we came back in 2008, after a few months here, and the police came.
The police came?
Yes.
Was there a shortage, or how did they get here?
I could not tell you how
many there were, but the children were 16 men.
16 men from the police?
Were they civilians?
They came both civilly and in uniform, normal and armed.
Those in uniform are armed.
Did they have helmets?
Yes, they had helmets and a gun, and a machine gun.
They pointed at Harald, but they could not forget.
What kind of concern was it that was given in?
Was it the Breivik clan?
Someone
must have blown up the situation.
It says that they got a message from the children that Harald was dangerous to the children.
Oh, and that was because of the concern?
Yes, the police was there.
The police was there too?
Yes.
Our friend called them from the rescue troops.
And they took you with them?
Yes, they took us first with Harald to the police station, and we were in Grassell for a few hours.
And one more?
They first visited me, I do not know if they did with Harald, and then
I was put in Grassell.
Before they took me with them.
After they had taken us, I saw Harald and was done.
Then they drove us home again.
There were children in the sun.
So they had taken the children in the meantime?
Yes, they forced us to go into their car.
While they were there, they had taken the children.
But you were in Vietnam, how long have you been home?
We have been home for a few months now.
Do they just get money?
Yes, they get money.
If they do not get money, then... Was it the same concern that was on the ground, or was it a thorn?
Or did you just wait for them to come back?
I felt that they were waiting for us to come back and take us.
Because we came here without telling anyone.
Unannounced.
And there were some who had seen us, so
I reported to them.
And then they came, and we did not know that they were coming.
So that is why they are here.
Vietnam is dangerous.
We came here, we lived here.
The children did not go to school at all.
They lived there against us.
So it is very important to go to school.
If it was because of school, we had to leave.
There was no school duty in Norway, but there was a teaching duty.
You could teach at home.
We teach at home.
That is allowed.
But it is not allowed, according to the children's law.
I do not know.
I can not allow it.
The children were beaten at school.
The same person was beaten at school.
So you got a message from school that they were being beaten?
No, no. The children told me themselves.
And then
I have a friend who works there at school, who told me.
That they were bullied?
Yes, they were beaten.
She called me and she got a shock.
She did not see it, but her son saw it and he ran home and told her.
My mother told me about it.
It was very shocking to her.
But that was while they lived here or after they moved?
It was before we moved to
Vietnam.
While we were still at school.
After we had complained to the school that our children were beaten, the school had also registered us to the children's law.
Registered?
Because their children were beaten at school?
Yes.
And then the children decided that they would take them through the national vote.
And then we decided that we would leave.
Was there bullying at school?
Yes.
Bullying and violence?
Yes, physically.
It was like being mentally ill.
It was like being mentally ill.
Both mentally and physically.
Were you a middle-aged person?
Yes, in the same class.
What was the background of your school?
Did you come from a different culture?
No, they were just ugly.
It was an anti-social environment.
So the school doesn't take care of that problem?
No, the parents are responsible.
They don't take
care of the problems at school.
They don't want to take care of it.
We see that in many places.
Especially if the parents go in and complain about how this is treated.
The parents are responsible.
The parents are responsible and the children are involved.
If you can't take care of the children, the cause is a different one.
The school doesn't take care of the students.
Yes, that's true.
School is a little dangerous in Norway.
I've experienced that.
The worst thing that exists in Norway is the school.
The school system here is terrible.
We see that in many other schools as well.
If the students get into trouble, it's always the parents at home who are to blame.
Not the school that can't handle the situation.
It could be other students at school who are making a fool of themselves.
Then they are involved and blame the parents.
I feel like the rules are made
as they want.
It's pretty crazy how many students are in school.
I remember when
I met Mathias, we saw the classes when we were in school.
It was so crazy that we couldn't even see.
We switched to private schools.
Then the school says that this is nothing.
The school is like a wave.
People understood that.
So it's publicly important to blame the parents.
Then they take the children in publicly, who can't take their children.
It's pretty bad.
It's a terrible group.
It's a professional group.
You talked about the justice group in Perlila.
But there is a justice group here.
Yes, there is.
Why is it like that?
The way you are treated.
It's typical.
You see a lot of things.
The children blow up a case.
Here is an emergency and here is your daughter.
Then the police comes in and everything.
Then it looks very
big when you come to the city hall.
Here the police had to ask for weapons.
Here it's not good for the children
to live.
Then it's nothing.
It's a construction.
It's a play.
You see these who are being treated
at the child's birth.
Where are the measures they should put in?
Where is the burden on the parents?
Mother or father have been in the child's birth for 20 years.
So what?
If the child's birth is to help the child, then the children are not better.
Then they are labeled as totally unqualified.
If it's the children's first time to come and get the children from the city hall.
Parents should be allowed to try to be parents.
Then they should be followed up.
Or get help.
They don't do that.
But then they also put in the child's birth certificate.
As soon as the situation is in the back.
It's not about the construction.
They sabotage the road.
If there is a serious care, then it is punishable.
But where is the punishable relationship?
Is it a promille or a patient?
And another thing.
When this happens in the child's birth certificate.
Then no one is punished.
Violence, self-harm, bullying, thrashing.
And then the parents are behind.
Your parents are bad.
What do you do with a child?
There is no one who is punished.
They believe in it.
They don't want to have anything to do with their parents.
What they say is right.
But that is totally wrong.
It's always washed.
We see that with our children who go to school.
If they were before and they were kicked out.
It's serious.
It's so serious that the children who have been kicked out.
They can't have contact with their parents.
They can't have contact with their friends.
The safety that the child has to develop is damaged.
I have seen many where they get the child back.
And the children don't leave their parents.
In fear of losing them again.
That's what happened with Bodnario.
That's
why they moved to Romania.
Because the children were afraid.
They were kicked out today.
What do you do with the children's brains that grow?
It destroys them.
It's crazy here.
You are the oldest.
I understand that you like it here.
Why don't you send home the other two children?
That would be a defeat for them.
Who can understand that?
They are caught.
And no one checks if everything is going well.
Or if they had the good news and got them home.
Then the children's law is in effect.
Then it doesn't matter.
So the oldest needs to prove that everything is going well.
But the younger ones run around.
It's a big problem for the children to grow up here.
But that's not quite right.
Say there is a family of six.
Two adults and four children.
Two of them can live at home, two of them can't.
Where is the logic?
What does that do to the siblings?
Aren't the parents happy with me since I can't live at home?
Then they hear from the foster parents.
The parents are the owners.
They destroy the safety that the children will develop.
It's terrorism.
It's a terrible thing.
It's terrible, worst and worst.
This is from the lifetime.
The children are 18.
They look out.
Where do
I belong?
The parents are bad.
They have heard all their lives that they can't.
Where should
I go?
Now it's proven with the research of 100,000 children.
70% don't grow.
They are only
18.
In adult
life and in mortality, 8 times bigger.
In foster parents.
And then you blame the parents.
After living there for 18 years.
No, the parents.
Take the child to the foster home.
You understand that the argumentation is wrong.
You have to take the children.
It can happen in the future.
I can't stand that.
I see in the children's world.
It's like no grass.
What do you do when you have no grass?
If you have a lot of grass, it's not going anywhere.
In 10 years they will fix it.
That's how the children are.
If you have a lot of grass, it's not going anywhere.
In the children's world, it's a good word.
But it has to be removed.
It's like a leaf coming out of a flower.
It comes and goes.
Everything has to be removed.
And the plants have to be planted.
And the children have to come home.
It's nice to be gathered.
We have few here today, but not a few.
There are many thousands out there.
We managed to gather thousands in Oslo.
They have to give themselves.
It's not in the media.
But in the north, there was a tragedy.
It was a different story.
You did that in Høvvik as well.
The girl who was the leader of the environmental work.
Yes, that's right.
It was a father who was a child welfare worker.
He was shot.
Who was to blame?
The one who provoked or the one who reacted?
If you don't take a crocodile long enough, it will be him.
Yes, do it.
But it hasn't been tasted.
It's not in the whole country.
Then they will warn the children to lock the doors.
That's warning the children.
That's how it will be.
That's how it will be with the security.
There is a bunker.
It shows that you have lost contact with people.
You don't see the only one.
You come in there, the office of the You see no one.
The boy with the cap, the teacher says, Come visit us parents, stress them as much
as possible, and see if
they can stand it.
They don't have the courage to talk to themselves.
If they can't do it, what if we hadn't been there?
Then we can turn this back.
Now we stress the children's welfare workers.
How do they react?
They call the police, and they lock themselves in.
They act as if they are worried about others.
They can easily reveal themselves.
We were active in this fight for over ten years ago.
We and she have received
messages from one person.
It's not one message.
We have over fifteen written messages.
It was a life struggle.
It was a healthy life.
Then he feels and sees the system so well and so close.
If you have a meeting with them, and see what they can write, they can write a letter.
If you have a new meeting, they will write a letter.
But they can write
a letter to you.
They don't care about the madness.
But they will write it.
They can't just write it in a letter.
They can write a letter that the three sentences are not correct.
Not a single child has opened the door.
They are crazy.
They can write letters because they know that they can't write it out.
The judges protect them, because they depend on them.
They can earn 150,000 and they can write a single report several times a year.
They can write a lot.
Look at the one who was up there.
What was her name?
Psychologist Willock.
It was up in the valley.
What was the name of the case?
Both parents were imprisoned and had to
be arrested
every year.
The head of the kindergarten knew about it.
What was the name?
It was a big case.
The prosecutor went out on Facebook and asked people, do you have any idea what to do here?
She was kicked out by the Sunscriber, fortunately.
But she was kept in custody for 100,000.
She was kicked out.
She is not particularly consistent with these cases.
Many psychologists become psychologists
to find themselves.
That's not true.
I'm
quite aware that you have lived in Poland for a while.
When you look at it, they have five children on average per day.
In Poland, they have about
five children a year.
But it shows down there that they were in Tallinn and the fjord and the forefathers.
How the family stands there, the family is the core.
They help each other, they dare to go out on the streets, they dare to ask for help and help each other.
In Norway, you see fewer and fewer young people out on the streets.
They are no longer out to work.
They prefer to hide
behind TV screens.
Of course, if you get the impression that if you go and ask for help, you will be able to help them.
You learn to adapt the madness.
In Norway, it is a society of indicators.
People are encouraged by the kindergarten and teachers.
The teachers and the teachers have become extremely.
If a child comes with a hole, that's a concern.
Then they eat snacks, chocolate balls, and they get a good hygiene.
Parents are wrong, they don't like it.
It's a terrible thing.
Let's start tomorrow.
You are going to have a demonstration in Kristiansand.
Tell us about it.
Over 10 years
I read stories and saw the beginning.
The first concern
I had was the effect.
It felt like
I was going to die.
I was ready to breathe.
You get a shock.
Yes, I felt like
I was killed.
I was young then, so
I can't fix my heart.
Instead of being the first time today, I don't know if I would have fixed it.
She was raised negative.
She was diagnosed with a disease.
They were afraid they couldn't
take care of the other children in the care process.
They complained.
They didn't want to put stones on the floor.
That was the first message.
We weren't the only parents because we were in deep care.
We couldn't take care of the other children.
We didn't talk about helping them.
We have a lot of help.
There were many tests at school, at home, and psychiatric patients came home and talked.
They didn't have anything to complain about.
It was a normal care process.
We had two good care workers at home and those at the care center.
But there are many things that need to be fixed.
You need one of a hundred who are on the train today and have some time to show themselves.
You need one of a thousand of the lawyers.
Plus you need a network.
There are so many nice things.
If one of them is not working, there are no dominoes.
I've never been satisfied.
I see that it's so bad.
I'm not angry at him, but I'll never forgive us.
Because the brother and sister are back.
I stand for that.
That's what the demonstration is about tomorrow.
That's what the demonstration is about tomorrow.
That's what the demonstration is about tomorrow.
Is it going to be like Stan?
No, it's not going to be like in Oslo.
We're planning to stay here today with the family.
We haven't looked for a place to see how it goes.
But the tourists will at least see a bit.
The tourists will see.
It will be nice for the municipality, but they deserve it.
She will come home and talk about it.
She will speak some
Blankshøi in English.
That's what we have.
Hi there children, welcome to Norway.
When we were on our way down, there were a lot of people with Danish, Russian, Swedish and then there were a lot of tourists.
The word childbirth is a Norwegian word that is now used in the Netherlands.
It's almost like a fucking word.
It's become a kind of ban.
The Romanians go so far and look at it, because they were reminded of communism.
They see that if you give... What should
I call it?
What should
I call it?
If you give someone so much power and freedom, then it goes wrong.
It's become a state in the state.
Politicians don't dare to go in, professionals don't dare to say anything.
They have so much power that you lose your job.
And we say a lot of things.
For example, a demonstration in Oslo.
We were about to make 10 medals.
One was from
Australia.
If he didn't leave us, he would have done everything else.
Then he didn't get a job in the country.
They believe and believe.
But you have that from up there.
I can't say it, but in the municipality, if they don't give up, they lose their job.
They don't tolerate criticism.
There are those who stand up anyway.
Most of them don't take power.
You see that now, when she retired, she said straight away, I don't need to seek permission, so I can say what
I mean.
She said that.
Whether to believe it or not, or if she tries to improve her retort.
You know, when you seek permission, you have to have the right attitude.
You have to be politically correct.
She has to say what the child care system has said.
Follow the current, but now she suddenly jumps over to the enemy.
Then she asks, is she not a skilled foundation for what she has done?
Or can she suddenly say otherwise?
That's what
I think.
Many wonder why she is so stubborn.
In 1993, she was a lawmaker, but she is an architect.
She hasn't done anything since
1993.
She was supposed to pay a pension tax, but she said she didn't buy it.
She wanted to make it comfortable for herself.
She wanted to make it comfortable for herself.
She wanted to make it comfortable for herself.
Maybe the others in that group use her as an adjustment.
She is a factor in the system.
Even if we go to the wrong house.
Even if we go to the wrong house.
The reality must be destroyed.
The reality must be destroyed.
The reality must be destroyed.
They should be punished, because they broke the law.
They are above the law.
As long as they do, there is no law here.
There is no law here.
That's what we see now when we start confronting them.
When we start confronting them.
It's not just in the child welfare sector.
It's other sectors.
He is lying, producing false claims.
He is on his way out.
The head of the child welfare sector in Naustav is now replaced by Nav.
She doesn't work as a head anymore.
That would never have happened if she had said, I'm done here.
We use different methods to get rid of them.
The point is to get rid of them.
We must use this for everything.
We point out the wrongs.
The municipality must react.
Then we must tell them, we can use that too.
We must talk to a single director.
It's not like that.
It's corruption.
It doesn't get any consequences.
Had you been a boss at a big company and performed like this, you wouldn't have been fired.
You would have been sued.
There is hope.
We talked about it internally.
Some people openly confronted us.
International Crime Court.
When we started to talk publicly, people said no.
Do it in one specific case.
Then the child will be fired.
That's what they experienced.
In Sweden, the social service thought that a group was going to the search.
Then there were employees in the Swedish child welfare who moved from their country.
That's the only hope we have.
They can report the whole process and start it.
Norway is a member of it.
There are cases going on. They need a lot of cases.
They already see in Norway.
They can go
to the EMD and get information
from there.
You see that several EU bodies are investigating Norway.
I left Hortek last year.
There are several that are investigating.
We need to keep our guard up.
What is the situation in Kristiansand?
Will there be a meeting?
I have to say that it is not possible.
I asked about the Rådman and the Värstånd.
I have some ideas.
I think it is public.
You will see it yourself.
We will never give up.
We are many.
More than you.
There will be surprises.
We will come.
You have made people uncomfortable.
We can't be with people who are not part of the society.
You are going against communism.
We see the same attitude.
The totalitarianism.
We can only call ourselves the children's hate.
We love our children when we can set them free.
They turn everything upside down.
If you had the children's world, you would have lost your job.
Keep up the good work.
We get evidence that we are in the real world.
The truth is coming.
I would not say that when he sees injustice, corruption and it does not work.
Let's summarize.
It will be on Saturday the 15th.
Is it the 14th?
On 15th of July, there will be a campaign in Kristiansand.
They will take some pictures.
We will film them.
We will be there.
Shall we look for them before
Knotten eats us up?
Thank you for your time.
We are right in front of Kristiansand.
