 
Let the children, let the children, let the children be happy!
Let the children, let the children...
Hei hej sammen, velkom til For My Je kanalen!
Idag skal vi ta opp nokket interessant tema.
Se sætter over til studio! I'm
going to welcome you to a new show here at FamilyKanalen.
My name is Rune Farnal, and today I'm
visiting Silje Garmon in Varsal.
We are, as you can see in the background, at the For My Je Institute.
We are at the For My Je Institute, which has been so friendly to us.
The reason for this visit was that a few days ago you were admitted to asylum in Poland against the Norwegian child welfare system, the Norwegian one.
You have also been under protection by the Polish authorities, after you had to leave Norway.
And we haven't seen that since the Second World War, so we are not familiar with that.
So I thought it might have been interesting to hear a bit of Silje's story.
What is it like for you, that we are actually sitting here in Varsal, on the flight from Norway, with asylum in Poland?
So Silje, if you could tell us a bit about Gravetek, how did this journey, which you have
been on for the last two years, begin?
The journey to Poland was through my second child, Eira, who was born in January 2017, two years ago.
Gravetek was also a serious obstacle for Eira's father, whom you can't avoid mentioning, and that was in Spain in
2015.
My eldest child.
You have an older daughter?
Yes, she is 13 years old.
You went to Spain with her?
Yes, I took her to Spain while
I legally took care of her.
They were accused of kidnapping, which was at the time a false accusation, and
I have to mention it in the discussion.
And that you had kidnapped your daughter and you went to Spain?
Yes, the accusation was later filed against the Civil Affairs Department, together with the children, where they helped each other.
What happened was that the police didn't check the criminal record, because they decided to arrest Bjergien.
What is still worth is that the father, who is in custody, and is in the process of filing a criminal record, he doesn't send legal facts for his parents either.
So he was sent to go to an international criminal record on me, despite the fact that
I was in charge of the criminal record.
So you were in custody, because you went to Spain and you were legally arrested.
But what happened down there?
Did you just get arrested for going through?
No, it was terrible.
We were thrown into a car by the Civil Police, and we were shot on the street.
We were then found out by the police, and
I was then charged with murder.
And Frey was taken to the hospital, where she was taken to the hospital.
I don't know about that.
I see.
I was taken to the Central Office in Madrid, and got very sick, because it was 50 degrees.
When
I was
taken to the court, the court released me.
I haven't seen any evidence of this, because it doesn't work.
And then
I thought that
I had
to find my data.
I also thought that
I had
to find my data, because at least there should be a hearing at the court about how much money
I should get back.
But then
I was placed in the hospital, and two of my colleagues from the children's hospital had already been there.
Where was the hospital?
It was in Malaga, in Marbella.
Because they were taken to Madrid.
Yes, so
I just threw myself on a plane.
So you had also two employees from the children's hospital, just to pick up the teeth at the children's hospital, and bring the teeth to Norway.
And later I found out that they had been treated at the airport, and pepper had filmed some of them being sick, some of them dying, some of them sleeping and so on. And if you talk about what happened there in the hospital, you can't see any more.
So this child, she was 13 years old, 12-13 years old, she was exposed to threats by employees in the children's hospital, not to say anything about what happened, so what can
I say about you, to know about you.
And then you have to think about what she has been exposed to, because first she was taken to the hospital by the Spanish police, and later she was exposed to abuse at the children's hospital, where no one spoke English or Norwegian.
And then she was only 10 years old, and then she was taken to Norway, and placed in a nursing home.
Fortunately, the parents of the nursing home were, if you call them parents of the nursing home, reasonable people, who drove their own car, and they tried to get the child away,
but they realized that they had to leave.
So they were exposed when they tried to get the child away.
But you are in Madrid, do you travel back to Norway?
No, because Norwegian authorities refused to let me go home, because my passport was confiscated.
So you don't get out of the passport?
No, and then things like that happen.
But I was in the passport without the possibility to leave, because
I left and then
I went back to the restaurant, so
I would have traveled more without a passport, and then
I would have called the police.
So you are ready to arrest them, no matter where you move?
Yes.
Then they drive a fast-race
, I mean when you go out with your driver's license, about the care for the child.
That's how it is.
The one they said
they had when they entered the fast-race, they drive back in, and there is a right-wing struggle, back to all the police, then it is back to the police.
And the outcome of that?
It was pretty hard to get him.
So then the care is made in a good time, after the child has left.
So when
I came home, I had to lose the right to my eldest daughter, without...
Oh, sorry.
Yes.
Did you have a lawyer who wanted to present you in Norway?
Yes, but I had never met.
You didn't get one?
You didn't get involved at all?
No, the child was never heard.
No.
No one had spoken to him.
No.
So here Norwegian employees drive through a process that often breaks most of the time?
What
I have noticed is that you have both employees, the child care policy, and not least the public who sit and work together here, that there was no one who at any point just stood up, and said that they were missing someone in this case.
The lower part of the family.
Yes.
But they also drove through it?
Yes, so when
I come home traumatized after having fought every day to get home, then
I have a lot of work to do after my daughter.
So then... And very strict visitation regime.
With the care, with the attention and everything.
How much care did you get?
The judgment was very bad, so it gave the child care right to decide.
So then it was like two hours of care.
More than a thousand.
Then the child had lived all his life, and he had just been here for a long time.
Yes.
It's just...
And this is just the way people are, do you really think now?
But what it was was that then it was going to be a major change.
Yes.
Because this was just a little bit of a feeling.
Yes.
And it was a room that was several times, and must always be returned to...
To the other room.
To the other room.
Yes.
And then it will be, now we are in December 1715, it will be a new change, a change for the head, a change for the weather, with a visitation regime.
For this.
Yes.
As it is, then the change for the head, it is not me myself, because then
I have also experienced so much bad politics, where one can not imagine, and then there is politics, which I am preparing myself, and then the visitation regime will be used against me, so that
I get very little co-existence in the head, that is, the outcome, then it is the same judgment, it is the judgment that later has taken the owner of the house to the head of the family.
What is his name?
Kim Heger.
Kim Heger, yes.
So he...
Senators his own, the middle-aged woman, without any interference.
Yes.
So this visitation regime is literally that it comes the evening before, because you are not going to visit her before the result, the next day.
It is not done to use it as...
Argument.
Yes, to prove that it is what has been the red thread in my case, that it has been like that, like the little wash on the floor, right before it happens, so that the visitation ban was put off right after the negotiations, then it was not family anymore, but then you have got the outcome you wanted in the civil case, so then the regime was stopped.
It is not a game of chess, actually, because they construct everything.
Of
course, it was immediately asked that this visitation ban should be legally passed, but it was already lost, Kim.
Yes, it was passed the next day.
No, because it was taken before it was legally passed.
So it was just there to make...
So it is just the one part, and then it was just... Yes, it was just there all the way.
Of course, I was worried about the civil case, because this was... The civil case was just included, yes.
Yes, because this was just Oslo and Tingret, then it was the next step on the civil case.
And in February 2016, I engaged in a survey to go through the things that have happened in Spain, and I was asked to... What can
I say, to prepare...
Me, on the case, I write and report myself to the Civil Code, and they take it in, in its entirety.
So you got the case up in the Civil Code?
Yes, the case was dismissed in the Civil Code when
I was writing.
And...
The civil case is a bit in the middle, so it goes winter and spring, so this case was brought to
October
2016.
In the meantime,
I have been pregnant with Ira, and there is no concern from the mother in the pregnancy.
But the week before, I was supposed to go up in the... What was the time
I was supposed to go up in the pregnancy?
So they took the same concern as me, from the child who was half dead in Spain.
And another one, both of them, are the authors of The Anti-Mob Party.
They are the identical.
So the child is in a partnership with The Anti-Mob Party, right before the trial?
And what they were allowed to tell was that both of the dismissed concerns were supposed to be witnesses in the Anti-Mob
Party.
So they produce evidence that they should be included in a civil case.
But then, because of the disease and the state of the process was too strong, this case had to be investigated.
So then it didn't turn out that it was the ones who had constructed this, who had to hope.
So they were in the process.
Right?
So then we are in November and December, when the MSF was born, and
I notice that strange things are happening, because they had to hand over these concerns that we talked about with
Jerzy Isda, because the child rights law does not give an opinion to start the case in football without a consensus.
And then I had, together with the former political leader Bertie, with the child rights, I hadn't written it, right?
They hadn't understood that there was a police check on everything.
They had just written it, but it didn't work out.
I notice that the case that was formally closed, it is not closed.
And strange things are happening, because of the pregnancy diabetes, I have the pregnancy polyclinic
at Ullevang, and suddenly, and there was a physical newspaper, suddenly, when I got there, nobody understood anything, because the newspaper was gone, physically, all the paper, and nobody understood what was happening there.
But I understand, because
I have been out of the way.
So then
I asked to meet with the officials at the child protection agency and tell them about my pregnancy and then they reassure me that if it is like this, it is strictly illegal and such.
Children have no restrictions, and nobody should steal anything without treatment and responsibility.
I get out and get put in to the police, because they choose to put me in jail, because
I have had such a fast-speed course.
And then it becomes haste-carcine, because nothing happens and then I don't remember the medical reasons, because it was at night, and then it was haste-carcinine.
And then while I'm
lying there, and we're going to start like this, and then
I hear a surgeon reading up from the paper, and then they are also the children.
And the children should contact with you.
Yes, and then
I am in a way not completely myself, because I believe in one way that this is a dream, and I can't talk back, because it is...
I had my medicine on the birthmarker, and then nothing happens, after
I was born.
My oxygen is there for the first time.
Yes.
But then
I was woken up when the system went for 25 hours and so on by my grandmother, who says that you have to wake up, and just say no, I'm going to sleep, and then the doctor says that
I should be in the room, because then it would have been very serious.
The children have called, and they are on their way.
Oh yes.
I think, my
God, what have
I done now?
I have a feeling that it is starting to feel completely terrible, because then it is constantly linked to the bed after the operation.
Yes.
So I call, the first time
I call the doctor, he is on the emergency room, and then
I call the lawyer, who calls and calls me, because they are on their way up, and then
I say that the children are in the room
, and they are here.
Sometimes they are on the emergency room,
as they were before.
Yes.
And then it gets awkward, because they force me to come to such meetings, even though no one is getting enough rest to get up from the bed.
But then they don't expect a lawyer to come in the emergency room.
Then they ask what is the background of this and that.
Then it becomes like all the guys who are sitting and looking at each other and asking what is going on. Then nothing happens.
No.
Because the background from the hospital is that everything is normal.
It is normal with me.
And I am in the hospital for a little week, and then
I would have been home for a while, and then
I start to call again with the doctor.
And they are not afraid of the house.
Then
I take all tests and everything.
It is not wrong.
Then the case of the elderly in the hospital is not normal.
It is normal.
Then I call the doctor.
And I call the doctor.
Then I call the doctor.
And I call the doctor.
Then I call the hymen155 ger fashionable strikes have
Art Treatments engaged young ambulance are but well good for self it
―
Jeg havde ikke noe valg.
―
Da subduiterte du og dra på Arlene.
―
Da kom jo også advokat og denne politisjeffen opp og dokumenterte alt og kjøp et regenbull og valg man med vegen på.
―
Ja.
Og hvor lenge var du der?
―
Da var jeg der i tre ―
Tre uker?
―
Ja, en lille mer.
Og så fant jeg jo ut da at via diverse omvejre at de eira faktisk var bestemt og kategorisert i kategori omsorgs- og praktikse.
Det var jo veldig rart da, fordi at det hadde ikke vært noen behandling av adresspersoner.
Nei.
Ingen hadde egentlig oppførert det.
Hvordan man kan bli kategorisert med det i ansvendelige registrer hvis det ikke har vært en rettslige behandling?
Med mindre det har vært en bestemt anord?
Det sker mye rart med
at kategorisere her.
Det var jo liksom ikke meningen at jeg skulle ha den informationen.
Så da konsulterer jeg den tidig politikjæpen.
Vi blev enige om at adressere dette.
Men så langt kommer vi ikke, for i næste morgen, i forbønd til møte, så blir oppdringt at det skulle være et morgenmøte.
Denne politikjæmnske verden.
Og advokat, så sier advokaten at du burde ta med det barnet ditt og gå dit.
Og sier her gå.
Barnet har avlysning.
Så jeg tar barnet, tar passen mitt i P.O. og så går det forsvillende.
Og så rejser du?
Og så ender jeg efter hvert år her i Polen.
Så det var foranledningen til at du egentlig bytte et liv i Polen?
Da er du i 2017.
Ja, fordi som det var var at, som jeg glemte å næmne, som var veldig viktig var at dette var påskudt for at sabotere anketforhandlingene.
Ja, ja.
Fordi at advokaten min anket jo umiddelbart.
Og barnet umiddelbart opphevede sig helt tatt på bakgrunden af fejl faktum.
Det var sekundært at man skulle giss parmissions för att delta egen rettsekk.
Men den klagen, om du vill, den blev aldrig besvart.
Så på bakgrunden av det så måtte jeg trykke den anketakene jeg hade väntet ett halvand år på få år.
Så du ser jo under rød tråden, før første foranledningen så er det politi på døra, så mestet blir det reglet vilkoelig fängseligt på en institution, men også grunn under såpass frigelig døkke fordi de holder barnet i sin vissel.
Og jeg gjorde jo alt korrekt, jeg trak jo samtidigt med friadom på alt og det hele.
Så jeg var her i Polen, og som vi var inne på i samtalen med Jerzy, så var jeg fri til å rejse til Polen.
Så jeg kunne egentlig bare, det er en veldig viktig aspekt her, fordi der er så mange som bare ha ha, hvorfor skal du søke asyl, for Polen er jo en skjæn innan, du kan jo bare vi der og ha ha ha.
Ja, jeg kunne jo, men når de sente disse begæringene, når man hållt på att styra in på polsk territorium, så kan man ikke det.
Så det var en hel del som muligheten som Jerzy sa i sted till å få beskyttelse, at de skulle sluta med den trakasseringen, når de sender begæringer, rettelige begæringer, og lägger in falsk information i internationale politiregisterer, utan nogen som helst juridisk jæmlegrunden, og bare forvælder at andre land skal ta alt for god fisk.
Så det denne saken de egentlig avslår, det er jo, det er korrupt regimen, de gjør akkurat som de vil, de bryter loven, de placerer hendelser for å ødelægge for deg, og så er dette organet som kan tenke barnets best.
Ja, det har så mange politiskjøkkerne sagt om, at det er en sløbålgärd, så det er nogen greier med en møn, det er ikke så en annen møn, så slutt så blir det baller på sig til slutt, vet du, at det ikke går eller det blir liksom.
Løgene blir så stor, at de må bare beskytte løgene.
Og så er det jo mange som har feldes interesser her, utifrån den situation som var i Spania, for det er de samme aktørerne, som satt om mig, ikke bare barneverner, men politi og andre nookpart som inleverte en falsk annen lufthund, som har involvert i saken om mig.
Det är det många som har mycket att tappa.
Ja, inte bara att de har mycket att tappa, men de har feldes interesser av att sitta och sanchöra detta.
I förbindelse med antisaken hade advokaten bejärt att politidokumenten från
Spania skulle framläggas, men han ville blotet forklare sin opptrend i forbindelse med det som skedde.
For å slippe det så er det enkelt å sitte der og få folk til fatte vetativitet på inet.
För det är också saken min avslut att jag är tätt på mellan de involverade barneverner på kommunen och de ansatte på Arlina av privat art.
Det var inte helt klart, men bricken faller ju väldigt på plats nu, för det gick ju en stund för att jag skönt hur det kunde nån sånt ske.
Men eftersom det är antydget och bevist så sköner jag egentligen allt.
Det är en del aktörer som känner varandra.
Ja, så har du samtal om fritidning.
Så kommer du och Eira hit till Bolshala.
Fortel lite om hur det är att möta Polen när du kommer till Norge.
Det är något forskäl från kulturellt eller mat eller... Det är väldigt av ett land, men jag...
Oplever du något forskäl, något sådant mer mänskligt på en måte?
Jag upplever...
Alltså, eftersom det är huvudförsäljning så är jag mycket mindre upptatt av vad andra gör.
De är väldigt upptatt att det är privat eller något sånt.
Så du upplever mer att det här kan du värda dig själv i en måte?
Ja, jag har fått väldigt mycket flinkare att backa varandra upp.
Det är inte den där chalusinen eller sån där att gå och tiskeviske på brygden.
Det inspirerar väldigt mycket...
Många delar av norsk samfund.
Jag har varit här nere i Polen och det är en väldigt vänlig hållning.
Det är inte sån, vem är du?
Det är inte den där mystiska...
Det måste vara, det är inte den negativa hållningen man har fått på möten, men det är en positiv drag.
Men också, hur kan jag säga lite om daglig livet ditt?
Du møter att det här bor i barnaget?
Ja.
Tungere leker, farleleker, vänner och...
Ja, hennes bebis sociala är ju...
Så, sånt sett är livet normalt och det är det som är så absurd.
Vi lever på ett normalt liv här, men samtidigt som vi har gjort från alla rättigheter som ära helt kontrott att ha, så har vi norskt barn.
De har ingenting på bakgrunden, de har uppdragete norske myndigheter.
De har inte en gång registrerat någon annan folk i Nætefra.
Så på en måte så existerer det ju bara som garam-sillige pikeføtt.
Ja, man føler sig braft.
Det är helt och absolut absurd, men som vi var inne på i staden, hon lever bra med det föreläget.
Hon märker ju inte någon av det.
Så det är den stöten som jag som mor som tar.
Ja, det är det.
Och du, hvordan är livet på dig här?
Går du på skolor, jobbar du eller är du hemma eller vad är det som...
Det har varit fullt nytt jobb med saken, för allt har jag egentligen gjort själv.
Du har liksom drevet saken eller tatt av dig själv, utan att ha...
Ja, jag har ju ledit av vokalerna både detta och annat arv.
Allt med media har jag gjort själv.
Det var inte så att media stod liksom sånt där, ja, vad var det?
Det blir ju märkt för en skepsis, för jag tycker att alla tycker det var rart.
Så jag har haft många presentationer för politikare, redaktörer.
Och
hur känner du att du har blivit mot att de polska samtrycker, är det en sån bemollig värdehållning eller är det...?
Absolut inte, för jag var väldigt bevisst på det när jag kom här, att jag så har liksom en gång förväntat mig nödvändigtvis inte att bli trott.
Men om man inte ger en chancen så kan du på en måte göra det du vill och sätta igång den forskningen du själv vill och så göra upp den förmedlingen, det är allt det som har skett.
Att jag har gjort det.
Så politiet har varit, du står jo på skängelisten, våntet personellet, har politiet gjort en undersökning, har Polsk Barneverdene varit inne eller hur...?
Nej, nej, de var ju inte inne, för allt som blev anpråkt från Norge, det fanns en grund, på grund av att det första yngre åren jag kom med var att börja dokumentera ett egerstidigt tillstånd, från de bäste experten jag hade.
Så du hade dokumentation, du måtte dokumentera och ge...
Ja, som jag sa att politiet hade, och dessutom som jag är asyl så kan inte någon plan se var jag gör.
Så här har det egentligen på måte settningen tatt i betraktningen, så har det varit ett vanligt liv på måte.
Men så har du den belastningen från Norge.
Det har varit belastningen, så har jag det enorma samlet, ett av de äldste dagdagen min, på Ferli, det är väldigt vintigt, det är sötsekunderskapet på Norge subsamling.
Var du klokfört henne siden du kom hit eller...?
Ja, hon var på besök här i Norsjava.
Men det var inte så många gånger?
Nej, det var först nå ett stort press efter att saken gick.
Så henne kom hit och sötte henne, men hur var det med henne?
Hon ville ju... hon har varit väldigt klar henne att du ville vara sammen med mamman i subsamling, så det är ju då nästa mål att hun skulle... Kom med?
Ja, alltså... endelig uppleva och bli höra.
För en ting är att jag blir fratad till henne, men man må ju försöka ta barneperspektiv inom sig, eller då är det hon som har mistet mamman.
Ja.
Och så är det också spännande.
Men det är ju när man ska vara... efter loven ska man ju... ja, när man ska höra...
Är du 13 år?
13 och ett halvt år.
I den här åren, alltså halvåret...
Det är väldigt viktigt.
Det är ju många ting.
Men nu har vi ju fått...
det var väl denna vecka att signalerna kom, för det var ju först...
To vecka sen.
Ja, två vecka sen.
I januari var det avslag, men så... Nej.
I januari var det det att efterforskningen var avslutet, och efterforskningen kogrederade med att mänskligheten var brudd.
Men så kom det inte på plats nån asyl då?
Nej, for då... så jag försökte förklara så i hända på hos loving, siden det är en politisk besvirtning på detta om asyl, så måtte Utnerysen gissa en tillslutning på att det utstället vetar om asyl till de norska statsborger, är i ponen sin republiks bästseimpressa.
Detta som då drøjer ut på bakgrund av det enorma bæsse...
Så Norge har pressat Polen politisk, økonomisk, för att få folk att forstå att detta är lite i Polens intresse, och så är det där då likast.
Det var ett lykkeliggjort, og så kom det avslaget i siste dagen på sovret ferie, ganske taktisk, for då sier loven at en anke må sändes inn sex dagar.
Det var jo mange advokater som var på ferie, men de stablade sig på beina og skrejven 25-siders anke in bare.
Vi hade pressats-referenser, och det blev ett enormt...
Det blev enorm uppmärksomhet runt saken, for folk skjønte at det här var nåt som inte stämmer, hvorfor går utnedviksministern mot sin egen administration, når du på den ene siden har resultaten efter forskning, hvor det vedtaket specifikt sier at dette handler om objektive årsaker.
På den andra sidan har du yndviksministern som sier att det inte är i intresse, så folk reagerade på det som har skett här.
Det har varit en process genom sommaren, anke, att stå denna vecka på två dagar sedan, så kom signalen att nu har Siri Garmo på asyl i Polen.
Jag hade ju... Jag skjønte kanske lite hur det lå efter att jag fick veta via media att statsministern beslutade att trycka sig från förhandlingen om More Regrads.
Det var ju brukt som argument av yndviksministern på många visat.
Så det har gitt, men uansett, nu är det egentligen bara formaliteten att få skriva ut dokumenten egentligen.
Det fick tillbaka mer i mann, nu går det den vegen, nu är det asyl.
Hur føler du det?
Det har ju varit en annen process.
Det føles selvfølgelig lättelse, för det har varit...
Man kan forska, det har varit mycket jobb också, det har varit sån fysisk jobb, dokumenter, när man på måte driver detta på egen bas, uri, ekonomiska refusjer, ordujuris, egen ideell organisation, så det är teamwork, det är inte så att...
Det är advokaterna som jobbar...
Du må vara det.
Så man känner på en tonnighet och tristighet, för man tänker att framtiden var med den bringen, och som jag sa tidigare, det är ingen hyggelig måte att bli historisk på.
Det är väldigt, väldigt trist egentligen.
Jag blir väldigt trist på Norges individer, att detta faktiskt kan ske
i 2018.
Det är ju ganska roligt att en norsk borger har fått asyl för påföljelse i hela landet.
Man prøver att avfejla, och på lacket där alla slår barnen och dricker, men detta som står i minnepapir, detta är lite objektivt bevisning som man vuderar.
Så det är den typen argumentation, om man på måte gillar att sätta sig lite i fakta, om man står i beton.
Det som är resultatet är ju att, och med det du har förklart nu egentligen, är ju att ansatte i de norske barnarna, advokater, domstoler, förkymdige, driver ett spel som återbryter menneskerheter, och som ganska säkert är ulovlig.
De följer i alla fall inte de fundamentale rättssikkerhetsgarantierna som man på måte är konversionsmässigt beskyttet av, eller utgångsutbyte ska vara.
Det är ju ett utgångsutbyte.
Men jag känner att det sitter långt inne och det bästa med erkärmning.
Det är ju väldigt enkelt för alla att bara baska händerna sina, domstolen kan skylla på barnen och så skyller alla på varandra, men det är liksom barnen som ger en mentalitet.
Vi baserar oss på det som barnen sa, barnen ska beskytta barnen, det är de som har en farlig bakgrund och så, så det kan inte stå med på det.
Det är liksom ingen som har ansvar, det är någon andra som har skyllat detta, det är inte bara en där alla säger det samtidigt, de går ut som en myndighet.
Ja, det är det.
Ja, vad tänker du framover då?
För mig så är det en sejr, en delsejr, för jag vill på en måte veta allt som har skett, allt ska fram, jag ska få tack i alla dokumenter som har varit, allt som blir hållet tillbaka.
Och jag ger mig inte för de som på en måte har brukt lovar och bidrat till den här över<|th|> Och jag har fått med mig det att tidigare barnen, familjen, minister, nej, skolorna, de blev komponentert i en interpellationsdebatt omkring barnens ansatte som lyver och får falske dokumenter som var med dem och så.
Och det var ju på damer-relativspolitiket, de var ju underlagstrafelavnen, politikernene, men jag är ganska usikker på om det någonsin blitt folk bliv adresserade av.
Det blir faktiskt ska bli hållt ansvarigt.
För såg som Salvesen har jag varit väldigt klar på det, men han hade trott så, så han satt i defensen för länge tiden.
För utsikring
Salvesen har ju varit inne i saken din og gjort vurderingen.
Det var jo han som sa til mig at jeg måtte dra mig på nabst.
For det var ikke nog jeg gjorde med Ligt Hjertet, for jeg ville ikke dra fra min stålrektar.
For jeg ville jo kjære bryt på henne.
Men han sa at du må dra, du må dra på, du må få hans ete på henne.
Så det var ingenting någons.
Han kände systemet, så han visste vad som kom.
Men då har vi väl egentligt fått grovutrekken, det är säkert tusen detaljer här, men det är sånt från baktätare i Spanien, den där saken, hur barnvarnet i Norge, det är ju Oslo, var det väl?
Barnvarnet i Oslo, ja.
Som då har kjørt denne processen och satt sig själv i den situation vi faktiskt sitter i.
For nu är det jo barnvarnet, myndigheter och domstoler, och så tyder jag att hela peratet i Norge har gjort sig selv till svartepel.
Så det jag önskar att du talar in i ditt samtal med Helligland, är att vi bör snart sätta ner en uavgångig granskning av Selvats Mercedes-Aki, men det är inte längre någon enkelt sak som man inte kan gå in
i.
Det är ju när man i det öppna världen ger asyl mot resten i de förföljningarna, så är vi på en helt annan planet plötsligt.
Ja, for det att porska myndigheter ska ge asyl, det har inte varit någon bara direkt fram process, det är granskningar och möjligheter, som att det är ju...
De vill ju ha ryggen sin fri, om de blir...
Om de gjorde det så kan de bara säga, bygg ditt sånt, sånt, sånt, det var grunnen.
Vi hade klarare fakta att bygga på när de gjorde det.
Det är egentligen norska myndigheters egen återredning som är huvudbrynen, särskilt om man är så svart att man möjliggör att läsba på någon inför ett annat landst territorium, speciellt på ett annat land som över generationer har varit anekditet.
Under en sånt regibe som du egentligen ser skil med.
Ja.
Ja.
Har vi fått med det meste egentligen så länge?
Det kommer att ske mycket framåt, det måste få konsekvenser.
Ja, det måste det.
Om de snurrar framåt, så måste det.
Någon måste hålla fast bak.
Det är ju egentligen ett system som...
Ja, jag har mistet fyra år av livet med äldste datterna min, men det är en höglöppvarnamn, kan man aldrig ha status, men för fröja blir det betydligt mycket och brugvärt.
Ja, att du kommer att förenes med det i en måte, om det blir här eller andra stället, att det norska myndigheter kanske tar tider.
Och så inte minst att man ger henne beklagnings- och unskyr.
Ja.
För det but du har haft att uppleva.
Ja.
En usyn kan man ikke veja det man upplever, men det kan vara......
med fasta på reparationsprasessen.
Ja, det kommer att ta tid.
Okej, då har du fått høre Cilly Garmo fortelle om forløpet og det som har skett opp till at du ett par dager siden blev invilget politisk asyl i Polen.
På bakgrund av forföljelse hjem i Norge.
Det blev det du sa på, forföljelse.
Både du och barnen dine egentligen.
Så då får vi håba at barneminister som är överst ansvarlig, kanske Erna Solberg som faktisk är ansvarlig over barneminister igen, och kanske kongen lägger sig på att minne det som faktiskt sker med norske borgare och att det blir en allvarlig uppvask i det som i Norge fremstills som barnets bästa etat, barnemarmen, men som utlandet nu börjar att ställa stora spørsmål och som väl
Polis myndigheter har erkännt at du er på rømmen, dine menneskerheter, barnen dines menneskerheter, er brygt og dermed så har du blivit invilget politisk asyl.
Og det har du ikke selv siden anmensklig, at en norsk borgare er invilget politisk asyl i et annat land.
Så jeg takker dig, Silje.
Og så får vi håba at de rette ansvarlige i Norge, gjør det som trengs på at rydda på systemen.
Så vi takker oss her i Warszawa, og så har vi snart tilbake med en ny sæd.
