 
Let the children, let the children, let the children be happy!
Let the children, let the children...
Hello everyone, welcome to the Family Channel!
Today we will talk about
some interesting topics, so let's go to
the studio!
I want to welcome you to a new transmission here from the
Family Channel.
My name is Rune Fardal, and today we have
online from
Dubai.
My name is
Marius R채ker책s, and we are going to talk a little bit about a family that had to run from
Norway to Dubai to get away from the Norwegian Child Care, or CPS.
So Marius, can you hear me?
I can hear you quite well, yes.
Okay, so this is a family, they have one child or more children?
One child here in Dubai, yes.
Okay, and they had to run away from
Norway because there was the Norwegian Barnabas, the CPS, was coming after them.
Yes, this is a case that draws many similarities to a lot of other child protective cases in Norway, where perfectly normal families all of a sudden find themselves in a desperate situation, where allegations have been presented without proof, without any substantial evidence, and where all of a sudden they see no other choice than to escape the country.
The alternative is of course much worse, because then they are most likely to lose their child for what they call a long-term relation.
So this family has done what a lot of other families have done, suffered to escape from what they call what they
consider to be gross human rights violations in Norway.
They have of course gone very far since they have traveled half the way around the globe and ended up in Dubai.
Where the mother and the family have lived before, and thanks to that the family had complex that has been
really helpful in this process.
So they are safe here, but of course it's obviously like for all other families that are escaping from the Norwegian Barnabas, a very difficult situation.
Yeah.
Is it possible to tell what was the first encounter with the Barnabas here in Norway?
Well, they had lived outside of Aqla for 200 kilometers outside of Aqla for a long time.
The mother is a Finnish citizen and the father is Swedish.
They had been living in Norway for a long time when they decided to move to Aqla.
Then obviously it came
like life from nowhere that the
Barnabas
started to interfere in their life.
It's very common to see that this
Barnabas, I know it was shown in the Barnabas tent, they forwarded allegations that were almost impossible to defend themselves from.
So they decided because of course like all other families that get involved with the system in Norway, they felt, of course they felt they were afraid for their daughter's well-being.
So that's why they decided to take that very dramatic step to go to Zimbabwe before the Trinke Senda had made its decision.
Because they felt in Trinke
Senda that this is not going our way.
They had the same feeling like more than 90% of all their Norwegian families were coping with the system.
The decision has already been taken.
So they really found that there was no justice to be received in Norway.
So we don't have any alternative but to sell the things we have in Norway and other places and get away from here.
So they run away to Dubai and as you explained they have some connection down there so it was possible to live there.
Because
I suppose it's not so easy just
to drop everything and move to
Dubai.
No, the mother has lived in Dubai for a long time, about six years, and she has obviously established a network here.
And it's quite moving to see how the people in Dubai really have been helping out the families.
So it's good that, yeah, I'm impressed by it, but to see how the commitment to support the family.
I mean she was very young when she was in Dubai the first time and
I don't think this would be possible without the support from the friends here in Dubai.
So it's obvious that that has given them a lot of support.
And they feel safe here, but it's just horrible to see how the Norwegian targets really like to persecute people and force them to run halfway through the world to feel safe.
It's like a real experience.
But I'm
getting more used to this because I've been traveling around in Europe as well to see families on the run.
So the interesting part here is of course that the family has gone to another compliment.
And one of the severe issues here that we have been talking about, and we won't take this case necessarily of course for the European Co-United Nations as well, but one of the things that shocks me, there are so many things that shock me, but one of the things is that Barna Rana without any voice, even before Fruity Sun has made a decision, just confiscates your passports.
And obviously they're just as wealthy.
That's
a very, very severe interference in their privacy life and it cannot be done by Barna
Rana
in any way, but it seems like everything
is allowed to know in these matters.
So it's another shocking story, but as
I told the family, I've seen so
many shocking stories over the years, so this is just another one of them.
Yeah, you don't get surprised what this
Barna Rana is coming up with.
No, I'm not surprised about how the Norwegian legal system in general is working, but you just put the human rights basically aside and it's more or less up to the judges or Fruity Sun or whatever it is to rule upon justice for the families.
And of course, these families,
they feel abandoned, they feel deserted, and they really, really are going through what they call it hell itself.
The mom and the daughter are sitting next to me and they will be happy to tell you a little bit about that.
Yeah, because it will probably be of interest.
I'm putting up a picture of the family in an anonymous way and it will probably be interesting to hear how
they cope
with this,
being treated like this in
Norway and find
a safe haven in
Dubai
, sort of.
So maybe if the mother can give us a few or a little description of their situation, how they work around every day.
How do you work around, how do you cope with the situation?
Good evening, Mr.
Rana.
Yeah, hello.
Hello from
Dubai to you.
Yeah.
I am very dumbfounded right now with coming in me to describe the situation which you asked this question.
It always brings me a very, very big stone in my heart.
I have still not forgotten over the terrible night.
It has been a complete, the things which have happened to me and my family, it can never be respect, never ever.
Now what we can do is to look forward and in the night, Haider, from North, have been treated like human beings.
Because when you are not given your basic human rights, or any human rights whatsoever, then you are not a human, you know?
No.
I have a very long time feeling and the people who have done this to me and my family, I don't consider them to be human.
No.
You have things, you have a high principle of a thought to do a right thing, you know?
Yeah.
You have to respect one another with respect and there are some things in which is no matter where you come from, around, we all speak different languages but we speak one thing, and that is human rights.
Yes.
And we have not gotten human rights at all in North. No.
And the worst is that is in your society.
There are very many good
Norwegian people but the state, the way it is dealing with the Bonnivannet, it isn't
evil to the society.
And the reason
I am here tonight is
only to make people aware and from the goodwill of our hostel is one people.
Yeah.
I mean Norway is going to swallow the younger generation and there will be a really, really bad future for Norway if this continues.
Yeah.
How did you first come in contact with childcare?
Did it show up in school or was there somebody who complained to Bonnivannet?
Or how did it happen in the first place?
It happened in the first place.
Can you repeat?
You are breaking up a little but maybe you go closer to the telephone there.
The phone was completely baseless, completely based on pure lies and the very, very bestiality that began the case was investigated.
The fact that they are complete lies, one lie in the case led to the other without the family being... Hello.
Can you repeat the last one?
You are dropping out a little bit there.
The observation was based on lies and they were controlled and checked by
Toron because there were such things written which were very easy to be presented and
they were in a state.
Bonnivannet was not doing the basic facts which would have stopped in two minutes.
They just left it without an investigation.
Investigators continued the process to basically leave an investigation done but they just moved on to an onslaught of a case based on pure lies.
Can you hear me good down there?
Can you hear me?
You are breaking up a little bit.
I hear you better there.
Can you hear me?
We can hear you.
Okay.
As far as
I see, the transmission broke up a little bit when
I was listening to her but I understood that the childcare based their decisions or reasoning on bad material.
So something that was not really investigated.
Did the childcare really come and see how the family was together with the children or did they just listen to rumors?
The Bonnivannet had only one home visit to my home for one hour and that is the only thing they have done and they proceeded in the end of the process to onslaught over Targil.
So without an investigation and without any...
How long was they with you at that one time in time?
For the home visit?
Yeah, was it one hour, half hour?
One hour.
One hour?
Yes.
And based on that one they made
a report saying you, your daughter was to be taken out or they wanted to remove her to foster home or something?
It led to that, yes.
Was any of these people present from
childcare psychologists or just employee by the Bonnivannet?
They are Bonnivannet employees, I've understood, like all of them, you call them, from what
I understand.
Okay, so it was simple case workers probably?
Yeah, I would understand so.
Yeah.
And then they wanted to raise a case for take away your daughter?
That's correct.
Okay.
Is this...
I also have to emphasize that the truth is offered by emergency decision.
That was in late 2016 and one month later the decision was up which was by 50 Zunda.
So they brought her back and then we realized how dangerous this was and that 50 Zunda was not the one.
So they made emergency decision so called
Akutt Vetak and then they took the daughter?
Because it's difficult to hear now.
Did they physically remove the daughter at one time from the family?
Sure.
In November 2016 and she was returned in the little Christmas evening the same year, a month after.
Okay.
So childcare actually lost in Fylkesn채mnda in the first court there?
Exactly, yeah.
Okay.
And then they wanted to appeal to go
on to the next court, is that right?
Well, in the ordinary treatment the kids decided to remove the child but they had
this
feeling already when the case was pending for 50 Zunda that something was wrong.
So they decided to leave no way before Fylkesn채mnda had come up with its decision.
Okay.
So they left Norway in February
2017.
Okay.
So after leaving let's hear
a little about Dubai.
How are things working out for them in Dubai?
Maybe you can ask the doctor how she likes it here.
She's here so that will be good.
Okay.
Approximately how old is she?
She's ten.
Okay.
She's very mature for her age.
Her English is absolutely perfect.
Yeah, perfect.
When you look up Dubai in Google or something you find all these nice buildings and nice places, beaches and all this.
So maybe she can tell a little about how she experienced Dubai.
Yeah, she will.
Hello.
I experienced Dubai very well.
It's very nice here because no one is here to tear away my family.
Yeah.
And I have lots of friends and
I get to be with my family here without being
taken away.
So my experience is very good in
Dubai.
Yeah.
When I look at Dubai from Google or something there is a lot of nice buildings, beaches and everything.
Have you experienced this?
Yes.
I have been in Kaalboken now.
Okay.
How is it to live in Dubai compared to Norway?
Any difference or better or what?
Here there is also much more to do.
In Norway you just sit inside and watch the rainfall.
Here you can go to the beach or the mall or anything you want.
Yeah.
So you said you had friends in Dubai?
You have friends there that you can stay with and play with?
Yes.
Are these people living in Dubai or staying in Norwegian friends?
What kind of friends do you have there?
I have friends anywhere like I meet at the mall or friends in my school.
Many, many friends.
Yeah.
You go to school in Dubai now?
Yes.
Okay.
How is that school compared to
Norwegian school you think?
Any different or the same?
The teachers here are quite better because they have a good way of teaching and they are very kind.
Okay.
So you like it in Dubai?
Yeah.
I like it very much.
What is the normal temperature in the daytime?
In the summer it could be plus 30 or 40. Okay.
Now that's
a little bit warmer than Norway.
But we have very nice weather here today and that was in Bergen was about plus 20.
I just hope it lasts.
Okay.
So how do you feel about this?
You have to move to Dubai in order to be a family?
I work for that.
Your family had to move to Dubai so you can stay together?
Yes.
Do you think it is any difficult for you or do you feel like it's okay?
It's okay that now I'm in Dubai but when
I was in Norway I was feeling very bad that they do this to us because my parents haven't done anything.
When you stayed in Norway did you worry that the childcare would come?
What was that?
When you lived with your family in Norway were you afraid that the childcare should come to your family?
Yes.
Did they come to your family anytime?
Did you see them?
Yes.
As
I understand from your mother you stayed
a short time with the barnaval, is that right?
Yes, I stayed for one month.
How did you stay in some foster family or something?
I stayed in a family in Norway, one more family but it was like a foster home.
But you like to stay with your family?
Who does it?
Stupid question you could say.
Okay, Marius, how is the situation down there now?
I understand you stayed there now to help them out a little bit?
Yes, we are preparing for a lot of things.
We have been working really hard for the last three days.
I'm
going back to Norway tomorrow.
It's been very interesting and it really proves that we really have to keep on with this fight.
Of course we were inspired by the fact that the Grand Chamber accepted the London case.
So what we have done now is to raise a series of questions regarding the human rights of the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court has one last chance to try to repair some of the damages that have been done to the family.
We have been very clear in our letter to the Supreme Court that if we do not comply with the human rights we will go straight to the European Court and we will be in various European cases raising
a lot of different issues.
Of course
I will address this all over Europe.
That's why I'm very happy that we have the opportunity in English because there are a lot of people, also in
Dubai actually,
who face great interest
in this case.
Of course
I will address this to the European Council, the European Parliament, all over.
So this will be another landmark, I hope, in addition to other cases and other cases that this really has to stop because sooner or later it's like the Norwegian officials are declaring a war against wrong people.
And we think once this fight, of course that fight will continue, it will escalate, and of course we will continue to raise more and more international awareness about it.
Can you imagine that these people are not even
Norwegian citizens?
And in the county board's decision, which is endorsed by the city court without any critical improvement, it's stated, and that really upsets me a lot, that because of their ethnical origin, Swedish and Finnish nationalities, and because of their religiosity, they haven't called religion like you need.
That's the major reason why they have to take the shot in order
to adapt to work before it's too late into Norwegian standards.
I mean, I've never seen anything more shocking.
I will definitely, when
I get back to Norway, claim that this leader from
Panama, the leader of something, the first statement in that decision is so discriminatory and so limited opposite what
I would deem to be racist, racist.
So I will definitely make that a case itself.
And
I will also add this to the Swedish and
Finnish embassy as well, and the Pakistani embassy, because this case clearly proves to me that we are dealing with officials in Norway that has not only like discriminatory opinions about people,
but they are like looking at other people from a degrading perspective.
So of course this case raises, well definitely raises issues all over Europe, that's for sure.
So that's obvious that we need to, we really need to combat this evilness in my opinion, because this is nothing but evilness.
And it, so, but I'm
happy they are safe here and we have written a very comprehensive letter to the Supreme Court.
We'll see how the Supreme Court deals with it.
I mean, the Supreme Court in Norway, the courts in Norway are obviously facing a lot of attacks from the rest of Europe now, since more and more countries are getting aware that our legal system is full of, it lacks a lot of like even the most basic, human life standards.
Yeah, because this family, from your opinion, the human right of this family, has this been broken?
Yeah, I mean it's quite obvious that, I mean when you can drive in a decision that it's important to take the child because of their ethnical background, it's like you hardly believe what's in the paper, but it's actually in the paper.
What ethnicity is this parents?
What is that?
What kind of, where are the parents from?
What kind of ethnic group, you mentioned that?
So, mom was born in Finland, she's Finnish, and then her father is Swedish.
Mom has, her mother is Swedish and her father is Indian-Bhaggistan and he was a doctor, a very acknowledged and very famous doctor from
Bhaggistan and the mother was a nurse in the Mecca and London.
This is like people who have like even the father in this family is a doctor
himself.
So, it's like...
So the child care, a barn, when they're used against them, their ethnic, where they come from?
Yes, they do.
It's stated clearly in the 50th National Decision, which has been endorsed by the city court without any critical movement.
So, it's like, it was like unbelievable to see what
I really read last night.
Yeah, it's stated.
It's stated clear that they attacked because of their ethnical origins.
So, this is not just a breach of human rights, this is racism.
Yeah, it's just clearly this
won't be a case where we will bring up the discriminatory issue also to the Swedish and the Finnish embassy because we can simply not follow it.
We have to confront the...we have to make the embassies aware that there are Norwegian officials actually committing very severe discriminatory acts towards other people
from other nations.
Yeah.
So, obviously this case will be to be continued when
I get back as well.
Yeah.
So, from now you have...you know the case now from the paper and you have seen the family.
What is your opinion?
Is this girl, this child, living in an okay family, you think?
This girl is living in an okay family, she's living in a wonderful family.
I mean, she's very mature for age and I'm just so happy the minister escaped because otherwise we would have another tragedy going on. Yeah.
Of
course, they have been like...they've been feeling they've been living for a nightmare for the last two to two and a half years, but at least they are gathered, which is not the case for a lot of the thousands of other families in Norway.
Yeah.
But yeah, this case really motivates me to come back and continue to fight against these atrocities that are going on. And we just kind of mobilize and because it's obvious that this at some point has to stop.
And I'm pretty sure that this case will get a lot of attention in Dubai as well.
And so, you know, we are...
India will write about the case.
And we are getting there.
And it's obvious that Norway is under severe pressure now because more and more countries realize that we are committing severe human rights crimes in the whole.
So the Norwegian double standards
as a whole are about to be...
The people I'm talking to as well are really shocked about how things are going on. It's like here, like everywhere, you know, families are like everything.
So we're talking about the country with five million people, Norway, which has like challenged itself towards more and more countries.
And how can like seven to eight billion people around the world think wrong, whereas the five million in Norway is right?
So we have to listen from this in the broader perspective as well.
Yeah.
How is the...
Do you know how the family values are appreciated in
Dubai?
There's a family...
Is that a strong unit in Dubai?
It's everything.
It's like the families here are...
they are the most like other places as well, but they are the most
holy thing.
So if the family values like...or family life like you do in Norway would
be unimaginable here.
As it is in more or less the rest of the world, I think.
We have like the part of the rest of the world when it comes to family life, because there are no other countries that agree with the way that we're dealing with these cases.
So it's obvious that this case has already and will draw a lot of shocker tensions over to the population here.
It will maybe be important.
It will be important to make more people aware of this.
What's going on actually now?
We know people are running to Spain, to probably every country in Europe, to Poland from the Norwegian childcare system.
And that in itself from a country that like to put itself up as number one in the world is a sort of paradox.
Yeah, that's what you can call the Norwegian double standards.
We are officials running around the world pretending to be like human rights chapters where they are committing groupful atrocities towards the wrong people.
And they are to people that are not even
Norwegian citizens.
So it's something that we can see wherever you go.
You know that we have a lot of people that have escaped from Bonamani in Poland, or something like that.
Of
course, when you go to Dubai or Poland or Portugal or wherever they happen to go, they face the same problems.
They have to cope with this horrible injustice that no one really can understand and no one listens to.
That feeling of injustice will never leave you anyway.
And of course, like Bonaman and the Norwegian officials, they never leave their families in peace no matter what either.
So I don't think it raises a lot of debates.
And I know that this will also reach the very top level in Sweden and Finland as well.
Because
I think it would be hard for Finland and Sweden to accept that
Norwegian officials actually are committing leasical statements towards their own citizens.
So I know that there are lots of people that have seen what's going on in Norway for a long time, so it's more and more difficult to be shocked.
But this case added some aspect to my experience that proves that they are willing to do whatever it takes to have it their will.
But the good part, if you consider us in good part, is that this is another case that will challenge the entire system.
So hopefully this can be a case that can help others.
But that's not to go with why we are presenting a comprehensive letter to the Supreme Court where we are very clear that we are more than ready to bring it to the European Court of Human Rights.
The timing is of course good because of the Robin cases and a lot of other cases.
History shows every time that when atrocities are being done, there will be rules and things will be better.
What is the plan now for this case for this family?
Is it to appeal to another court or how is the plan for this?
Well, as you know, in order to fight a calm claim to the European Court, they have to exalt the leftist remedies in Norway.
So we have worked really hard for three days now to put on all the violations that we consider to be uncommitted in this case into a letter for the Supreme Court.
If the Supreme Court ignores these violations or even to deal with these violations, then we have exalted the leftist remedies.
Then we will go straight to the European Court and add to the already large number of recent cases that are pending there that this case contains other serious crimes.
I will mention the one that
I already said about the discriminatory aspects and the way the Panamanian just took the task force and so
on. We have also challenged Kyrgyzstan by here because we don't consider Kyrgyzstan to be a tribunal.
This is also something that is important because it is obvious that it is time for Kyrgyzstan to stop.
It is not a tribunal and it has no authority to deal with matters that involve the human rights.
All the tribunals can do that.
You mentioned that they took away the passport for this family?
Yes, without any worry.
They took away the passport and
I and Sosum and Banahan did that.
So they just came up to two social workers of Banahan and just came up and said, we want your passport.
And of course the family was terrified because they had this option that either we take your passport or we take your daughter.
I was in contact with the police here a month ago or something regarding that question and the police was quite clear only they have the legal authority to do anything with passports, not the childcare worker.
Exactly.
That may be the law as well.
The passport law ends up on the 7th.
So it is clear that still.
And even though the police have the authority, the police cannot just confiscate the passport arbitrarily either.
They have to comply with the strict regulations under Article 8 of the collection.
But they did that.
When you give the mother an alternative, you either deliver the passport or we will take your daughter.
Of
course, what to do then?
Yeah.
So thankfully the mom, as
I told you, is a citizen.
So she managed to get a passport and film it.
Yeah.
That is how we got out of here.
Okay.
She got the new passport and film it.
Okay.
So to sum it up, this is two parents.
This is
a family with no special problems of any kind.
The child care that came in one hour based on more or less rumors and decided without any
psychology test, no help was given to the family because of what the problem childcare workers see
.
They just come in and sort of try to take over.
Exactly.
And they have a very strong family in Finland and Sweden as well.
And the relatives were never asked about anything.
So they just bypassed everyone and just made their way through.
So your summary is quite precise.
That is true.
So they actually put themselves above the law.
Absolutely.
But we have seen that a thousand times that Barnum and I had not respected the European Court of Human Rights.
We don't even respect the Supreme Court.
You see how they made the case not too long ago that the Supreme Court declared the child to be returned to the family.
Where
as Barnum and I had not made a notice of this.
So it speaks like to him.
And so it's the same thing.
But obviously this is like making more and more anger in the international society as well as in the European Court too.
That they are even the highest courts in Europe when it comes to these standards.
That's one of the reasons why the...
I'm
very sure that that's one of the reasons why the Lavin case was accepted for the Grand Chamber.
So that once for all the court will decide upon these matters.
Right.
But yeah, you're right.
We've seen hundreds of
similar
cases that they just remove the children and the parents are more or less the template to trust.
Even their minimum rights by not being respected.
No.
So the way forward now is you will go back to Norway and start working on this case and get it through the Norwegian court system.
Or make them decide that this was not any... there is no reason for worries about this family.
Or if they don't apply with that, you go on to the human rights court.
Yeah.
We will challenge the Supreme Court.
And I'm just saying that now we have a chance to prove that you really take human rights seriously.
And if they don't prove that they are responsible, then we will go straight to the European Court addressing new problems related to Bonavent and the Norwegian system.
So that's our strategy.
And as well of course, this will be another case that will attract international attention also with regard
to Sweden and Finland as well.
Has this case been got any attention in the media in
Dubai?
Not so far, but because the families have more than enough to...
Yeah, copy.
They have been quite good at addressing it.
So the case will get attention and the case will also be covered in
Indian magazines within
a few weeks from now.
Yeah.
So it will start to attract attention here as well.
So it will add to the already growing attention of the Norwegian child care workers, what shall we say, ethics, because this has nothing to do with ethics, what they are actually doing, because they are breaking every law in the book as far
as
I can see.
Yeah, and they don't even conceal that they have like discriminatory
aspects towards other nationals as well.
And obviously that to force
a 10 year old girl to move, to divide, to feel safe, as she told herself, what kind of like, what sense does that make when we are talking about the best interest of the child?
Yeah.
So in my opinion of course, I think we can begin that even now countries in the Middle East will, in this case, will certainly help to bring more attention about this in the Middle East as well.
I mean we know that we have huge attention in Eastern European countries and in Europe in general, countries like the United States, countries like India and so on, but the attention has not been that big in the Middle East so far.
In this case, probably will have to back.
Yeah.
Okay, then, and the father is okay too?
Yeah, the father is okay.
He is obviously seriously affected by this, but he is managing to get himself on the field little by little.
But of course, everyone can understand that when someone has to leave the job, leave the country, sell what they have in order to just try to find some safety on the other side of the planet, of course it takes a long time to recover.
Things can never be the same.
But I am impressed with the way that they managed to create a new future here.
But obviously the officials should be ashamed about themselves to drive people into the underground the way they do.
They will notice that they will have more and more resistance also from the, because as people in the European Parliament, they told me a lot of times now that we are fed up with your arrogance.
That's what they added to this, that they are really fed up with the Norwegian arrogance.
We don't even respond to letters from the European Parliament or from presidents of other countries.
So yeah, I think we are about to at least bury one foot in our own grave by doing it that way.
So we don't make many friends by doing it this way, that's for sure.
Yeah.
Okay, then we can wish the family all good and you come back and start work on the case.
So we hopefully somebody in the system will understand that this is not the way to treat children and families.
Thank you so much.
Bye bye.
Okay, thank you too.
Bye bye.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Okay.
Okay, then you saw and heard the family who had to run away from Norway.
And in order to stay together.
They had to run to Dubai.
Marissa Ekeros is now helping them with the legal stuff, and he's coming back to Norway now in one of the first days.
And
I think this case will will be spoken more about.
If the Norwegian court system doesn't stop misusing their power, both in Barnevane and the court system.
People more and more
people
all over the world will react to this.
So let's hope this family can have an ending to the traumatization that people working in Barnevane, the Norwegian CPS are exposing them to because this is a breach of human rights, no doubt about it.
Okay, that was all for us today.
We will soon be back with a new transmission so stay tuned as they say.
Bye.
