 
Let the children, let the children, let the children be set free You're my heartbeat, my silent drum
That is
kicking
me till I'm numb
I wanna feel the love, the dreams
grounded When he got standing on viches on his kick
I wanna feel free, like a burning sky When he opened his wings, I fly on back to the beat up I'm your heartbeat, my silent drum Hi, this is a new show from
Family Channel, my name is Runefardal and today I'm in Från, this is
Från Rådhus and behind me
are the children We're going to take a look at a case they've been caught with, about assaults against foster children, so stay tuned The case is about foster home placement, when the children tell about sexual assaults from biological children in the foster family
I have two parents here, we choose to be anonymous, it's not important who you are, this is what the case is about When you heard about what happened to your daughter, how old is she?
18 years old Was it you she called first?
Yes, she called first What did you get on the phone?
I got that she had been attacked by her son in the foster family
She lives in another house, so she had to wash her face, and
then things happened that were not good What did you do when you heard about it?
We tried to calm her down, and support her, but she was in the stable, and she was riding horses She was sitting in the stable with a skull, and on Monday the 1st of May she was in the stable, and was riding horses We had contact all the time, and the foster mother told us that she was not going to register her son At the same time, she called her boyfriend, and wanted to have him in the hospital
So this is a foster home in the buskeru area Yes Did she get to the hospital?
She came to the hospital at 11.30, and got what she wanted
She took tests and tests And when she was done
at 11.30, she called me at 11.30 at night, because her boyfriend was going to drive her back to the hospital And when she gets to the buskeru area, she gets a little bit sick
She gets a little bit sick, and doesn't say anything, but the foster father says that she is taking care of her So she got a reaction from the foster family, and she was advised to register their son for the assault
This is under the care of the community, the foster parents, who are behind this, and were you in contact with them?
I called them on the 2nd of May, to inform them about what happened, because I got the call from my daughter She was going to the school she was going to, and
I contacted the foster father and told him what had happened And
I told the foster father that it was time for them to take this seriously now
So, today, May 5th, have the foster parents reported
a reaction?
They have only supported her by placing her in an institution
So they have moved your daughter to an institution away from the foster home But her brother lives there as well?
Is he moved as well?
No, he lives in the foster home
He lives in the foster home?
Okay Has your daughter given any information about how she is doing these last few days?
Or do you have any equipment around her?
She only has what is on the institution, which supports her around the state The foster parents were there later today, because we get very little information every 18 years
Has she called you or informed you
about anything?
Not the foster parents, no But your daughter has been in contact with you today or yesterday?
I have been in contact with her on Facebook, Skype or on the news And I see a completely different daughter today than
I used to Of
course, something happens when you are exposed to such traumatic events But what is a bit tragic is what the foster parents are actually doing You haven't received any information?
We haven't received any information from the foster parents because they receive messages from us But because of the foster parents...
So you don't receive anything back?
No So you might receive more messages from your daughter via social media than the foster parents contribute?
Yes Has she given any information about whether she gets any help or what is happening to her?
No, we haven't heard anything about her getting any help
Has she been registered?
No I have spoken to the county office, and it is she who has to make the decision to register She wants to register, but she wants to have a child with the county police That is natural
Has she received any information?
No Is that where the matter is today?
No one wants to go with her?
No, she has been registered with the county police That it has happened?
Yes, that what
I have told the county police what has happened And that our daughter has contacted the county police
So, apart from that, the foster parents haven't been with her to register this?
They are not doing anything?
The child care system is responsible for her, who is at the institution now, moved from foster home And they haven't done anything?
No, the child care system wants her to move back to the foster parents, because they are doing such a good job
Okay Has she...
She doesn't want to go back to us No She has a voice now, she is 18, they
can't just push her If she is standing now, she can probably get it as she wants
So she can control this, and it is important that she gets support from those who can support her
It must be professional, but
I mean that it is a new attack against our daughter When she moves out of foster home, she moves to a new place
instead of being
able to move back home What has your daughter expressed, that she wants to go home?
She wants to finish her school year and move back home, and get a job She goes to the foster home?
At Landbruk Has she much time left there?
She will be out this year, and one more year is not the time No, it wasn't sweet to see her at school But it is Landbruk, I was at Landbrukseskorn for a while, but there is a lot of...
There is a lot of talk about her being very good at laying stones Yes Skipping and stuff
So an environment like that, a landbruk environment, there are many differences
We have also asked the children, what is happening They don't say anything
They don't give us any more information We think that is a bit wrong, we have the care of our home And then we should get more information
I called the children the other day, and
I just got the head full of shit Yes, because you are basing on it Yes, because
I am basing on it
It is not very professional, of those who
sit at the office over here, and treat their parents
I think that they are probably parents of some of those who sit there, and if they had heard that their daughter had been exposed to assault
Then they would not have accepted to be exposed to that situation
They would have escalated
And that is tragic
So how is the situation now?
Now everyone is waiting for something?
Now she is at her institution
So now she is at
her institution Yes, exactly And is waiting for something to happen And is waiting for something to happen, that the children will find another way to support her Is there someone who supports her, as you know, or does everyone stay outside,
so they can control her?
The type of her The type of her, if you look at her Yes, she has a skull hat, some boxes Someone who is professional can handle it, and
I don't think the child welfare service can handle something like that
I don't think
they are built to be professional
So to
summarize a little, we have an 18 year old who has just been exposed to assault by her son in the foster family The children are involved, they have moved her to another institution
And there is not much that is happening The foster family is trying to push her down, which means that she should not be registered And the children, as far as you know, do not do much
They are not just overdoing it, they are protecting the foster parents and helping her It is very common that they think that she should move back to a place where she has experienced a trauma And that would be double traumatic It is not traumatic for her brother Yes But they are together now at this institution No No, he lives there
It will be very strange handling
Do they have any contact with her?
They have contact on Facebook
On the phone and such Yes, ok Yes, then we can summarize so far from the municipality with the foster parent That it does not look like they can handle a sole matter in a professional way And I have sent an e-mail to the foster parent yesterday
To ask them about the question Today, and now it is 2 or 3 pm on Friday There has not been any response
I do not know if they found out where
I was That it might be that reason But this is not handled very professionally We will be back with more, we will follow the case Follow me
