 
Let the children, let the children, let the children be happy!
Let the children, let the children...
Hello everyone, welcome to the Family Channel!
Today we will talk about an interesting topic, which we will put into the studio!
Hello everyone, welcome to the Family Channel!
Today we will talk about an interesting topic, which we will put into the studio!
Hello everyone, welcome to the Family Channel!
Hello everyone, welcome to the Family Channel!
The family Welcome to the Family Channel, my name is Rune Fardal, and today
I have with me Kabura Joli, who originally came from Buryndu, but who has lived in Norway for a while and speaks relatively good
Norwegian.
She has four children, five children, and at a time in 2015 she contacted the children's welfare, because she wanted some help at home.
And that is why we are here today, to hear what happened when you contacted them.
So what happened?
You called the children's welfare?
No, I did not call the children's welfare, it was in 2015.
It was in June, I was with my husband in May.
And in June, because he was not in the country, but there was a paper that was two times a week, he had to go to the police and the police station.
And it was June 23rd, and he was on work, and he was going to deliver papers and stamps from the police.
And I was on the phone, he called me, and I said, Joli, do you know what happened?
The police took me to transport to Buryndu.
Oh, they are going to send him out?
Yes, out of Norway.
I was pregnant with a child.
And then I called the police, I did not find him, and
I tried to get help, but he was not there, because he was pregnant, and
I had four children.
I did not have a family in Norway, who would help me?
But I did not want to do that, it was a letter and a transport to Buryndu.
I did not want to put
his writing, the school, the school, the school, and stop him from sending it to him.
That he should choose to help me, but
I did not
want to do that, and
I gave him a visa in Norway.
So the UDI heard from the kindergarten, the grandparents, and many that he should be here, and could help the family.
But the UDI just sent him out, and then you suddenly became alone.
Yes, with the right pregnancy.
With four children and a right pregnancy with another child.
Yes.
And then I found out that he was coming from Buryndu, and then
I found out that he was pregnant in Rwanda.
And then he was moved to Uganda.
And then I got Daniel, it was August, and it was very difficult, maybe not.
And then Daniel and
I were living in our house.
And then I went to Norway to live here with my husband Daniel, and then
I went to the health center to live here, to control, and then the health center was very nice, I said you have a lot of children, you have a lot of complications, and then
I put the whole body in the room.
And then the health center was very nice, and
I said
I will help you, I will contact you with the children, so that you can get the money to help you.
Yes, to help me.
Yes, with the children.
And then I said no, there are no problems, it's okay, because
I have no one to help me, suddenly
I have problems with my health, it can be good.
And then she sent a letter to the children's hospital.
And then I got a call from the children's hospital, yes, we want to visit you, and
I said yes, it's okay, just come.
And then it comes, and then they say okay, now we will have to meet with you, and we will help you.
I said okay.
First I said, my name is Ido Salima, I go to school, I want you to help me, and then
I go to the school.
Yes, to a school that is a little close.
Yes, and then
Nuro has no school, he can help me and send a press to the school.
Then he says okay, we will do that.
And then he tried to help me and sent a press to the school, and then Ido Salima, it was a little slow, and then
I do it myself
, I go to the school and find what he has in the name of the school, and then
I get the press, and then
I go to the school and get a call from the children's hospital, and then the children's hospital says to me, yes, now we will help you, but first we will give you some activity, but first we will give you some activity, you have to tell us that every two times a week we can talk to the children at school.
Yes, that they should come two times a week and talk to the children at school.
And then I say no, this is too much, you can not do that, because when you give children activity, it does not mean that you will come every two times a week and talk to the children at school, it is too much.
It sounded very much.
Yes, I say it is too much, what should
I talk to the children at school?
And then what should the children think, and then the children should not concentrate at school all the time, now the children should come and talk to us.
I say no, maybe you want to talk to them, maybe three times a month, you say no. When you do not give them activity, we will not give you activity, it will be for seven hours.
So because you did not accept that they came several times a week
at school, they did not want to help you?
No, we will not do that.
And then it will be for 14 hours.
So then we will end all activity?
Yes, nothing.
That sounded very sad, so you did it as we decided?
Yes.
So the people did it?
No, I say no.
That sounds sad.
Yes, it says when you do not want to talk to them.
But first I send a letter to the Jewish people and ask that my husband can come back and help me.
But
I will not do that.
No.
And then after six months, Salima was a little bit in trouble at school, sometimes it was a little late.
And then one day
I do not know, she was told at school that she had not eaten breakfast, because
I told her that
Salima was going to tell
me, mom, I do not know why, my teacher always asks me, Salima, either your mother is doing this to you, or your mother is doing that to you.
And then, mom, I do not know why.
Does the teacher ask all the other students the same thing?
No, Salima.
Or does he just ask her all the time?
Yes, all the time.
Do you know if the teacher has received a message from the kindergarten?
I do not know.
But
I think it was the teacher who gave
her the message.
And then Salima asked me, mom, I do not know why, she always asks me that.
And then after that, I got a message at school, saying that it was me, Salima was here, she did not eat breakfast, and she was late, and now we are going to send the things to the kindergarten.
That she does not concentrate on school
, maybe she can get help from kindergarten, so she can make contact, and so on. And then
I thought, it is help that the children will get, or me.
And then after that, it was June, and then we thought about the children, and now it is coming to a holiday, and we are going to take the things to the holiday, because it is a holiday about what we are going to do with the situation.
We are going to send a school, and talk with Salima, with the children, and see how it goes with the children.
And then I said, okay, that's good,
I know I'm
going to get help with the things I need.
And then after that, it was August, August, August the 20th, I was in Caripovana, and they said, what is going to happen now?
I said, no, now we are going to send a school that is going to come home and see how it goes with the children.
Twelve hours.
I said, okay, just come, because
I do not know what is going to happen, and
I have nothing to think about, maybe there will be some problems.
I know what to come and help.
Did the children receive any concern reports then, or did anyone see any concern?
It was also at the health station, it was a late concern, because Nuro, Nuro was the one who wanted to talk, he did not talk when he did not know you.
And then we were at the health station one day, and then one day, Nuro did not want to talk, and then the lady who worked at the health station, she was very worried, Nuro was very calm, he did not talk, he loved it very much.
And then
I told her, no, he did not need to know, Nuro did not know that.
And then nothing happened to him, and he is not like his father, but
I do not want to talk about it.
And then, after that, when we were on the way, and then this lady who was with us, she was there for about 17 hours.
And then she said, now
I have found out what you need help with, you need more help.
And then I said, priority, you need to be active.
And then I said, what you need help with.
Ok, it was October.
And then it was October 21, I got a phone call from Kamira.
Yes, Jolie, where are you?
Yes, we want to meet on Tuesday, October 25. We will talk together, on Tuesday, we will go there.
You have to come, but not with the children, all children have to go to school, others have to go to the kindergarten.
Ok, so that day the children went to school at the kindergarten, and then you were supposed to come to meet them?
Yes.
Ok.
And then I said, ok, ok, ok, we will meet at ten o'clock.
Ok, ten o'clock
I was
at the kindergarten.
And then after that, she asked me, what are you doing for your heart?
What are you thinking about?
I said, no, I will keep it, sit there, sit there.
Which teachers sit there to help?
Yes, I help.
And then she said, we know you need help, we don't have time to help you, the time you need help, we take the children from you.
So they didn't have time to help you?
Yes, and the things I need help, they have to take the children from me.
So instead of making
a deal to help you with what you felt you needed help, they say we take the children from you?
Yes, we know you need help, but we don't have time to help you with the things you need help with.
We take the children from you, of course.
And then that day, Friday, the children are not going to live with you.
On the 25th of October.
Was it last year?
Yes, last year.
25th of October
2016.
Yes, and then
I was in a terrible shock, as a teacher.
It was terrible to hear.
And at that point, they didn't have time to help you.
No, nothing.
They didn't try to help you.
No.
Because, as you said, because you didn't want them to come to school twice a week and ask how the children are doing, they didn't want to help you.
No, they don't want to.
Because we were planning to take the children from me.
Because they had planned it beforehand, it sounds like that, because they asked you to send the children to kindergarten and school and come to us.
And now they have someone to pick up the children at school and kindergarten.
Yes, because that day, Kamira was not in the office, Kamira was at school and kindergarten and picking up the children.
And then it was with Lena who said, yes, we know you need help, but it's terrible.
Who is Lena?
Is she a kindergarten teacher?
Yes.
And then it was her who took them to kindergarten.
Is it Sundre Nordstrand, the city?
Yes.
Here in Oslo?
Yes.
Okay, the child care service.
Yes.
Okay.
And then they didn't even try, they said they would talk to the children twice.
That is not an application.
No.
There is no help at all.
Not true.
It is research to find out if there is something here.
Is it that?
Yes.
So they haven't put in any applications to help you?
No.
And you have asked for applications and these small things, like the teacher who obviously asks the children every day, or asks one of your children, have you eaten, have you had breakfast, and follow up what the kindergarteners would have done twice a week.
Yes.
That was what they did.
And then they got the school to ask.
And then the school has probably sent a message to the kindergarteners.
Yes.
And they have done this without you having received any help.
You have asked for help
with everyday
things, maybe activities.
Yes, and to learn something.
Yes, to learn.
I try, I try to help the children in many different places.
The kindergarteners don't want to help me.
I try to help
the kindergarteners.
I try to help the children in the middle
school.
I try to help them in many different ways, but they should help me.
So you have tried many places, and you crossed and other places, is there someone who can help you?
Yes.
So you have tried to get help?
Yes.
And when you meet the kindergarteners, they answer, yes, if we don't get to go and talk to the children twice a week, we will help you.
Yes, that's the thing,
I have tried to do.
So they haven't put in any help?
No.
They haven't tried anything?
Nothing.
And then they take the children.
Then they have broken the law.
The kindergarteners in Nordstrand have broken
Norwegian law, because the application should be tried first, and then if it doesn't work, then you have to try something else.
This is not done.
But they go straight to, either we talk to the children, and that is to stop them, after all.
This is not an application.
No.
And then they just take the children.
And then, if you get a good advocate, then
I think you have a good case, because they have broken the law.
Yes.
I think it's a very good case.
I am the one who knows my case.
I have been with a person from NAV, and who has helped me when we were in Motte.
And so this case, is that no one is new in the kindergarten.
No, none of them from NAV, and others do not agree with the child.
And from the kindergarten.
Has the health care center said that it is very worried, or do you think it's okay?
No, the health care center is the one who has to write that
I need help.
And then there is the one who has to go to the health care center, and
they say that it is very much.
That he has a little more.
Yes.
But the children are three years old.
Three years old.
Yes.
Of
course, they can be a little shy and maybe stiff when they are foreign.
Yes, and a person from NAV has tried to get the child to be with me.
I see when
I was at her house, how it was, and it was very shy.
But when the person from NAV and I were on the way, when it was very sad and smiling, and she tried to get the child to be with me, and she took a break and gave me.
And then she tried to get the child to be with me, and she said
no. Now she has a little boy, and he is very shy.
So many children, so many.
Yes, many children who are three years old.
Yes, very small.
But the children do not want to be with me.
No.
And the children who lost the child, it was October 15, and the children called the police and the ambulance.
And took
me to the hospital.
And took you to the hospital?
Yes.
What did you do?
The police and the ambulance took you to the hospital?
Yes, and they took me.
Were there only children there, or were there only you?
There were only me.
The children took the children.
Were you sick then?
No, as if I was crying.
So the children
were taken by ambulance and police to pick
you up and take you to the hospital?
No, to the hospital.
What did they do there?
Did they investigate you, or did they take blood tests?
I had blood tests.
And when
I got there...
Did they say why they took you?
No.
Was it to check the drugs and such?
I don't know.
No.
Because I cried.
You were completely sad.
Yes.
And then
I saw that they did such things
, I took my life and such.
And it was very sad.
Emotional, you cried.
Yes.
It was a problem.
And then we were on the 4th of November.
And the district police said it was very bad to do this.
That was wrong.
There was no money in the bank.
And the children were not in the bank.
They were told to put the children in the bank, and they were told to take them to the hospital.
Yes.
Because there was no money in the bank.
They did not talk to you about whether we could get the children, because they lured you to a meeting and then they picked up the children.
Yes.
We know the technique well.
So they said you should come to the meeting and talk about what to do, and instead they said we take your children.
We know you need help, we take the children from you.
So the children in Søndre Nordstam have lied to you about what to do, and instead they say we take your children.
Yes, we take the children.
So the public officials lie to you?
Yes.
That is law number two.
They break the law all the time.
And then the district police said to the children to come back.
Was it the district police or the district police?
Yes, the district police.
The district police said you should have the children back.
Yes.
Okay, what do the children do then?
They say, okay, you think of her, maybe she needs help now.
You have to put her in the family center.
And then you have to write down everything she needs help with.
And then you have to put this in the application and help her.
This is what she needs.
So the district police then say that the children have to put in the application that you need.
Yes.
And then you have to write down everything she needs.
And then the district police said that you should go to a family home, a mother home, a family center.
Yes.
So that they find out what needs you need.
Yes.
What kind of home you need.
Yes, with the children.
And then what have the children done?
It is very sad.
What did the children do then?
I came to the family center.
And then the children told the family center that you should find mistakes and write down mistakes.
Write down everything that is wrong.
Not write down positive.
Which family center was it?
Frydenberg.
Frydenberg, and that is here in Oslo.
Yes.
And then when
I came to Frydenberg, her name was Heidi, she told me, Jolie, we can not help you, no matter how you come here.
Because there are many who speak badly about you.
And we have to do the other thing.
And then the children's home, as the chief, we will do the children's home.
We will not help you.
So Heidi.
Yes.
At Frydenberg.
Yes.
She was the one who worked there.
Yes.
She says that some people speak badly about you, or speak negatively about you.
Yes.
And the only one they have spoken with is the children's home, so it is the children's home that speaks negatively about you.
Yes.
And then they at the center, Heidi and the others at the center, see what kind of help you need.
Yes.
So they have
actually said at once that you are not here because we are going to help you.
You are here so we can find more mistakes that we can write up and give to the children's home.
Yes.
Because they say that we will do the children's home.
Yes.
Because the children's home as the chief, when we do not do it, we will not get the money.
Yes.
Correct.
So if they do not do, if they do not do what the children's home wants them to do, then they will not get more children.
No money.
They will not get the money.
Yes.
They will not get the money.
Yes.
But that is the same as the children's home believes that if you do not write negative reports about
Julie, then we will not send more children to you, and then they will not get the money, and then they will not get the money.
Yes.
Yes.
Here they break the law all the way.
Right.
And then there were so
many mistakes.
What about
all the children?
Then you had four, had you given birth to the fifth child?
No.
Or were you pregnant?
No, it was Ida, it was not that
I was going to give birth to Ida.
No.
Because the lawyer says that when Ida comes back, you have to come.
But the water was not going to let Ida go, that Ida was going to come to the airport.
To the airport.
I was with... So who was at the airport?
You and then... Salima, Obidi, Nuru and Daniel.
So you and four children, but not Ida.
No.
Why did not Ida come there?
The children's parents say that things will go up.
Will go up?
Yes.
What do you mean?
They say that things will go to...
To Tingel?
Yes.
To Tingel.
Okay.
So the children's parents send you to Frydenberg, so that they can give you assistance, but actually they will find something that they can use against you.
And one of your daughters, Ida, is not allowed to come, so you and the four others are there.
What happens?
What do you do there?
It was very, very, very, very, very stressful.
Difficult?
Very stressful.
Because it was...
I have to wake up at five o'clock.
Okay.
I have to cook breakfast.
I have to help wake the children up.
I have to help create such things.
For Nuru and Daniel,
I have to help create.
Because they were going to school and everything.
And it was school and school and home.
Home.
And we had to take a taxi to Krokassiv.
Okay.
Now.
And then to the school, to Salima and Biri.
Yes.
And then I, Nuru and Daniel, we have to go further.
To Vanhagen.
Yes, but not the taxi, me and Nuru and Daniel on Vanhagen.
Okay.
We have to take bus.
Okay.
And it was very snowy, very cold.
And Nuru and Daniel very tired.
And then
... How far was it from Frydenberg to the school?
How long did the train take?
It took about ten minutes.
Forty minutes?
Yes.
And when we got to the school, you and two children had to take a bus to Barnhagen?
Yes.
How long did it take from the bus?
Ten minutes?
Yes, maybe five minutes at the station, so we had to walk.
And walk to the station to Barnhagen?
Yes, because there was no bus that went straight to Vanhagen.
Okay.
And it was very difficult with Nuru, because Nuru was tired and very cold.
And then the children had to wake up in the taxi and get in the car.
And Nuru was crying all the way.
Did you have more time?
Yes.
So you had more time?
But for one child.
For one child.
Yes.
And Nuru had to walk by himself and just cry.
How old was Nuru?
Four.
Four, and she had to walk by herself?
Yes.
All the way?
Yes, all the way with a lot of snow and he just slept in the taxi, because he had to wake up early.
Wake up early.
So it was very...
It sounds very...
I don't know.
There wasn't
much
help.
Nothing.
Why couldn't the children just drive on?
The children's parents said
no.
The children's parents didn't want to?
No.
But they paid the children's parents for the school.
In the school.
But not the short way to the kindergarten.
No.
So they put you in the school and who pays for the bus?
I do.
You have to pay for the bus from school to kindergarten.
So then they actually send you out of Frydenberg every day to school and then you have to manage to get to kindergarten.
Yes.
And then they complain about you.
They say that the taxi will be here in half an hour, you have to be ready in half an hour.
When the taxi is a little late, ten minutes or five minutes, the taxi has to be there by itself.
You have to find a way to get there.
When the children go home again.
Or at school.
Or from school.
Or at kindergarten.
Or at school in the morning.
So it has to
be very precise.
Yes.
The door that comes right away.
Yes.
It becomes very stressful.
Very.
Alone.
No one helps.
And then a lady comes with the child and in the morning she just sits and
notes how the children eat, how I do in the morning.
Just sits and notes.
So you got no help there?
No.
So you just noted everything you did and maybe you did something wrong.
Yes.
And they said that they had a lot of negative things.
But they didn't help you with getting this.
No.
It's just to find a way to sit and write something in the morning.
I'm
going to tell you that these family centers, in their brochures, it says that they are centers that will help parents to get things done themselves.
They will help you.
But these, on Frydenberg, we have heard that on others as well, that they just sit and write down and find something that is wrong and then send it to the children.
Yes.
Not just me.
That is not help.
It is overwaking.
It's the same as they tried to go to school twice a week and chat with the children.
And then they would probably do what the teacher had to do.
Have you eaten?
Why are you late?
Overwaking.
No one helped.
No one helped.
They helped the children.
They actually made it harder for you?
Yes.
They stressed you out?
Yes.
They stressed me out because when it comes to the morning, you sit there and help the children, many children alone.
And then there are others, just writing down.
And then you come and do something wrong because you are late.
And then when you come to school in Banahage, they come and sit with the camera and see how they eat.
How they sit on the table.
So they filmed you when you ate?
Yes.
And they sit and see how we eat.
When they don't film, they just come and sit and write down.
And then when they go to sleep, they come and sit and see how the children lie.
How they lie.
It must have been very stressful.
And then they say, I do not cry because
I see Salima and Biri when you help
Noro and Daniel and Leke.
Who should help
Biri and Salima?
And then they just stand there and look at you.
Yes.
I am alone.
I should not take one hand here, one hand here.
I should first do this.
And finish it.
Yes.
Of course.
All parents do.
It takes one child at a time.
Yes, but I... You could probably handle it well if you had not sent your husband out.
Yes, not sent.
Then there would be two to take these children.
No, and this concern comes when he sends them out.
Yes.
So after
I had sent him out, they made this concern board.
And then just to take the children.
And okay.
How long were you at this family center?
From November to February.
November 2016 to February
2017.
November, December, January, February.
So three and a half months or something.
Yes, about four.
Three or four months.
About four.
And when you were done there, they wrote a report.
Yes.
And then you sent it to the child welfare.
First we have been there.
And then the woman went to the child welfare.
Yes, we see that she can not take care of the child.
Children do not need a mother.
Children do not need other adults.
Children seek
other adults.
Yes, they do not look after their mother.
They do not need a mother.
Okay.
Children who can...
It was very
shocking.
They are the children who are supposed to take care of what they do.
But at the family center it is very dangerous that the children have to get other adults who are supposed to... Who move to others.
Yes.
But when you were at this family center, did the children come to you when they were wondering about something?
They must have been in the same room, was it?
Was there a different room?
There were two rooms.
Two rooms.
Small rooms.
Two small rooms.
Yes.
There was a small room.
I had children like that.
They came to you and talked to you as usual.
They called you mom, we need that, mom, can you help that?
Mom said that we should play together.
So they were looking for you all the time.
All the time.
Contact together.
Contact.
So Frydenberg and the others up there are writing reports where they are lying.
Because that suits the children and Frydenberg gets the fees and money and they get the salary up there.
That's how it works.
And she is called Heidi, the child welfare counselor.
What should she do for me?
She didn't help you with anything.
She just noted.
Yes, as counselor, child welfare counselor.
The child welfare counselor.
Yes, child welfare counselor.
Yes, what should they help?
You didn't get any help.
No, she was worried about me.
Was there any difference between the first two weeks you were there and the rest?
Did they react differently in the beginning than afterwards?
Or did they start with one time?
No, first two weeks.
Then they were fine, then there was no one who said anything?
No.
They just came and said, ok, it's a little bit different in writing.
And then after two weeks, they started to feel a lot of stress.
And then they just told me, Heidi told me, Joli, there are many who can't do it.
There are many who just say yes, we can't just take the child.
You can say that when you want.
So you got a message that you can just say when you want to give the child.
Yes.
I can't, that's my child.
You can't say that when you want to give the child.
Right?
And then, oh, Heidi, it hurts a lot.
I say yes, why?
It's the one who gets a lot of help, that you should get help from someone who will come and help you.
It's the reason why you get a lot of help, you get a lot of help from others, and then you think that other people will come and help you.
So she accuses you because you and your husband have had
a lot of children.
Yes.
And then they send your husband out of Norway, and then they make problems for you.
Yes.
And then they accuse you of having had a lot of children.
Right?
Yes.
And it says you can't get a lot of children until you get people who will come and help you.
What kind of attitude is that to people?
I mean, in many cultures, there are many children in the family, it's completely normal, and the coming of the children is directly racist.
Yes, I'm in them, I don't get a lot of children
until
I need help from you.
I get a lot of children, I know
I can take care of them.
It's you who just write me the negative,
but
I know I can, I try everything
I can.
How many years
I live alone with that child.
Yes.
What happened?
Because you lived with these children alone for a long time before the children came in.
Yes.
And it went on for a long time.
Right?
And then I say, no, I can't get a lot of children until
I need help from you.
Yes, I say yes, because no one can help you with all the children.
No one can help you with a lot of children.
Because you have a lot of children, you will get a lot of people who will come home and help you.
It's not worth it.
It's a kind of racist calling, and you claim that you have gotten a lot of children so that others can come and help you.
Yes, she says that.
Just say something like that.
Yes.
Such people shouldn't be allowed to work with children.
It's very painful when
I remember.
I understand that very well.
It's very weak.
It's very...
But then you were done at the family centre.
Yes.
And then they wrote a report, a lot of negative things about you.
Yes, a lot of things.
And then they took the children.
No.
What happened?
No, it was the women's bank that had decided that the children should be taken away from me once.
And then I say no, it's not possible.
And then my lawyer says no, it's not possible.
And then
I say yes, she can go home, she can take me home, I can go to her.
To her?
Yes.
And then
I was home, it was so bad.
And then it was so bad.
So bad.
I was in a bad mood.
And then
I was crying, my mum said
I was going to the doctor.
And then
I went to help her.
Him.
He.
With the washing.
And then
I took the cup to
the kitchen.
Up, down, it shouldn't come here.
And then he came when
I was in the toilet to help
Nuro.
And then he came with the chair and took the cup.
He took the cup.
And tried to drink it.
And then he got a little warm tea.
Yes, and the bread.
Okay.
And then it was the childhood, he sent some people, who were called Tilsin, to the NAB.
Okay.
And came, was there, gave me something to do, what
I did, to find fault.
But when your husband got the tea, what did you do?
I contacted the law.
And I was in the law, and the law says it's not serious.
You should just put some vaseline on it.
Put some on, like in the old law.
Yes, vaseline.
And
I did that, and when
I got the tea, and asked what Daniel got, I said no, he got the tea on the table.
And then they said okay, it looks like a fire, I said no, it's not a fire.
Because I know now I've seen a fire, it's with the firewood, with the firewood, once.
And then, in the morning, it came again, and then the other, the other May, March, it came, and then nothing, and then the third March, it came in the morning, and then where the children are, where the children eat, where the children, what
I do in the morning with the children.
And then Nuru told her that I, Daniel, have the fire here, and then here.
And she didn't sit, she said, yes, now
I have something to eat, today I'm not going to take long, I'm
going now.
And then she just looked at me like that, and then she cried.
And with one time, I called the fireman.
So she went and called the children?
Yes, and then half an hour later, I got a phone call from the lawyer, I called Oliver Nuru at the fire station.
And then the lawyer asked me, Jolie, where are you?
I said no, now I'm
going to Oliver Nuru
at the fire station.
And then they said
I got a phone call at the fire station now, and then
I thought that this phone call was not a fire, it was a fire.
I took my money, it was the third March.
And then
I took Daniel to a friend, Daniel was supposed
to be there, and then
I went to the fire station to get the fireman, and then
I went to the lawyer.
And then we were there with the lawyer, we came in, and the fireman said, where is Daniel? We were at home, he was not in Vanahagen, and he was not home.
We
want to see Daniel now, or we will call the police.
And now we are going to take Daniel and all the children we have taken.
Nuru is not in Vanahagen, Salima and
Birri are not at school.
So you took all the children?
All the children, and then
I saw how nice, I saw Daniel, half an hour later.
And then
I went to Daniel, he was supposed to be there, because it was so small, and then he was at home.
And then when he saw what he was going to do, it was so sad for him.
How nice, can you take me with Daniel to the family center?
And then they took me to the family center with Daniel.
At the family center, what happened?
A lot happened.
Was it
at Frydenberg?
I was not allowed to go in.
You have to have the door open?
Yes, I was not allowed to go out with Daniel.
You were not allowed to take him out?
You have to be inside with him, and the door has to be open.
Yes, when
I go out, I have to go with someone, and Daniel has to be at home.
And then I go out with Daniel, but not for more than two hours.
So you only get a short trip out?
Yes, only two hours.
And then the door has to be open.
And then all the time, there has to be someone inside, to write and write everything.
Did you get any help?
No, it was just him.
And he was there to see you and him?
And write.
Write with write?
Yes.
And then you would have stayed at home a little, and someone would have come to write.
And when
I was
at home, I saw someone with Daniel, and he was in contact with Daniel.
And then
I had contact with the children.
They could not do that, and take the children from the village, because Daniel had 40 children.
There are many children
who
are hurt by
the children.
There are many who are hurt.
There are many who can not do that.
And they did not have the right to use the children, because the children could not take the children from them.
They could not go to the village.
But the children were not...
They were not hurt?
No.
And then
I was there, and we were at the village.
Biri and Nuru were in a bad condition, and they were crying and crying.
They could not go back.
But it was a very bad village.
And they did not want to take us.
And it was the tenth... Yes, the tenth.
Biri and Nuru and Salma were at the family, and they came to visit me.
And we were not allowed to speak my language.
We had to speak Norwegian.
And they said that when we spoke the language, the conversation would be cancelled.
And that they would take the children
at once.
And that no one would visit us.
So if you are at the conversation and you speak in a famous language?
In Swahili.
In Swahili?
So they think we should stop the conversation?
Yes.
And that you should not have more conversation?
Yes.
So they have to listen all the time to what they say?
Yes.
And then Biri and Salma started telling mom, do you know what happened to Nuru?
I said, no, I do not know.
Nuru, the father, the son, Mohan, the son...
The father, the son?
Here I talked to Nuru, and Nuru cried with me.
And I contacted with the others, what do you think?
And so on and so forth.
Yes, we should stop the conversation.
And it was very shocking that day.
Because Nuru and all the children were under the bed.
They did not want to be with anyone.
No.
They wanted to be with you?
Yes, with me.
Yes.
And they took you to the hospital?
Yes.
Was that the conversation you had?
Yes.
And the next time
I was in conversation, the children told me, mom, you know, Nuru has not returned.
That they have fought?
Yes.
Does Nuru live alone?
Same as Nuru, same as Salma and Biri.
So they live in the same house?
Yes, in the same house.
In the same house?
Yes.
And the father of Biri had fought Nuru?
Yes.
And what I should do is to contact the police.
And the police says, I, Jorjan, advise you to talk to the children.
When the children do not listen to you, you can come back.
And the children say, yes, now we know, and the children tell us.
And now we will take this case up, we will talk to him, and so on and so on. And we will work with you.
But no one.
They do nothing?
And the children continue to see?
And live in this family?
They continue to live there?
Yes.
And the children do nothing?
No.
Did the police stop again?
Since you went to Jorjan?
No, I have not returned to the police again.
Because it was difficult to get in touch with the children.
And know what happened.
And then afterwards
I was in the police again in Mos and Ida and other children.
And then there was a Nuru's head cut in the middle of his tongue.
And then it was cut.
Oh yes, you had a cut in the middle of his tongue?
Yes, but the children did not say anything.
They did not say anything.
And then Ida was injured on her.
And she told me that the father of the child, who is in Jorjan.
The father of the child has done something?
Yes.
And then he threw her on the floor and the hole fell.
So the father had thrown her on the floor and the hole fell?
Yes.
How old is she?
She is 10 or 11 years old.
Now she is four years old.
Now she is four.
And then
I tried to talk to the children.
But the children...
They do not want to hear?
No, it was the children who wanted to make this thing for me.
And they did not want to hear.
So here are the children who tell about violence?
Yes.
From the police?
Yes.
And the children do nothing about it?
No.
But what they accuse you of, it is not good to say what it is.
Because it is not something particularly wrong you have done.
You had a little accident with heat.
It can happen to everyone.
But there are no others who have said that you beat your child?
No.
And the children have not told that the mother beat me?
No.
When it was found out that
I know that
Ida beat me and when she beat
me, it was the mother of the child from
Ida.
She came to the nurse when we were on the road.
And she said, yes, Ida told me that the mother beat her with a cable.
With a ladder?
Yes, with a ladder.
Yes, Ida told me that.
But Ida wanted to go back to her mother.
But it was not true.
Because I said, okay, maybe I was beaten with Ida.
At school it was the senior officer.
Because Ida was at school.
At school it was not found out when you beat children like that.
Ida did not tell at school.
And other things.
Like I am in them.
Maybe it was that
I beat him.
The children could not cry.
That the children went back to me.
Maybe I was a bad mother.
But I was not.
As far as
I understand, the children wanted to go home again.
Yes.
But when we were on the road, there was a person who talked to the children.
When they were going to the forest, they wanted to go home or not.
And the children said, we want to go to my mother.
Was it a psychologist?
Yes, a person from the children's school.
Who worked for them.
Yes, and talked to the children.
And then the children told you that they wanted to go home.
Yes.
Also the personal, it says, it tells on the toilet, it says, we do not know why the children use this family.
As a family home.
Because this family, there are many children who tell this child together.
That it will not be good.
So in that story, there are other children who tell that they are beaten.
Yes, together.
Yes.
The same as your children tell.
Yes.
Also the person who asked, they do not know why the children use this family.
Yes.
And
then, until today, it was very sad.
It is very sad with the children.
Because the children cry a lot, and scream, and throw something away.
They are exhausted and angry.
Yes.
And then when
Ida heard that the family was going to die, she told her husband, and then
Ida was angry, why you do not speak the truth, why you are lying,
I have not told this son, my mother did not know what to tell me, why you go.
So Bereska says, she speaks badly about you.
Yes.
And then
Ida... To Ida.
Yes.
Or to the family.
She was the father of the child, the husband of your husband, and said that
Ida had
told her that
I was going to Ida with
... With a lead?
Yes, but it was not right.
It was a lie.
And then
Ida heard that son, and then Ida became angry, and then she threw something away, and cried and screamed.
And then
Ida became angry because
they lie about you.
Yes.
And that is normal for children to be angry.
Yes.
And then
Ida took to the hospital.
Yes.
And then
Ida thought that maybe Ida had a problem in her head, but when
I said no, Ida was healthy.
Ida just wants to go home.
Yes, Ida wants to go home, and then other things that she has not told the truth.
Yes.
That is what she cares about.
So Bereska says that they speak badly about you, to the children.
Yes, to the husband.
To the husband.
Yes, that
I had a fight with Ida.
Yes.
With...
They claim that you have hit
Ida.
Yes.
They say that you did it at home with you.
Yes.
Right?
Yes.
So were they at home with you and saw?
No, it says...
They have never been at home with you.
No, it says that Ida has told it.
So they claim that
Ida has said that you have hit
Ida with a knife.
Yes.
And at the same time, Ida is angry because they lie about you.
Yes.
Yes.
It is Bereska's home that the children in the district of Søndre Nordstrand in Oslo run.
And we know who is in charge of the city council for health and growth in Oslo.
She must report her arrival soon.
Yes.
Because it is Inga Marte Torkelsen who sits as the boss for all these in Oslo who have this to do in Oslo.
Yes.
And Bereska's home, she tells Ida that all the children who come to me, no children who come back to their families.
No.
All the children who come to me, all the children who come back to their families.
They continue to stay.
Yes, no children who come back.
No one goes back.
Yes.
And Ida says that you have my job.
Yes.
You have my job.
Ida is asking for money from you.
Yes.
And Ida's job.
Yes, Ida, she gets money to have
Ida.
And if Ida
moved to a foster home, she gets money to have
Ida.
And I am sure that if you had gotten the money, you would have managed quite well.
Isn't that so?
Yes.
But she said that
I get no money.
I demand.
You could have applied for a home help.
Isn't that so?
For the money.
Yes.
So you could help and you could concentrate on the children.
You could get a home help from the municipality, because there is enough money, of course.
You could have done the cleaning and tidying up your house.
And you could have concentrated on the children.
You would have got a lot of time.
But it doesn't work.
No.
It doesn't want to help me.
No.
You say that you don't have time.
You say that we know that you need help, but you say that we don't have time to help you.
We don't have time to help you.
You think that you need help.
But we give enough money to send in so that others can help the children.
Yes.
But they can't help you.
So you can help the children.
Yes, I think so.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
It's a very big problem.
It's very frustrating that they have a system that has more than enough money to send in help.
Because they pay foster parents, they pay institutions, they pay a lot of money to take care of your children, which you could have done yourself.
But
I think that
this is
a big crime, because in my home country we know war.
Yes.
But it's the best war.
Because in war you can run with others, but this is war against family.
Yes, here it is war against family.
You don't have anywhere to run.
Right?
Yes.
It's war against family that has children.
Yes.
You have children, you are not safe.
No.
The foster parents make you insecure.
Yes.
You become insecure, you become stressed.
Very stressed.
And you don't get help.
No.
Because they don't have time.
To help you.
But they have money to pay others to take care of your children.
Yes.
But not money to help you and your family.
So they split the family and make a lot of money.
Yes.
And negative for the family, for the children.
The children want to go home, the children want to leave.
And of course, children who are taken away from their parents, taken away from you, they have a connection to you.
And when they are taken away, the connection system in the body starts.
Then they get angry, they can hit, they can cry.
They want to go home.
Yes.
And then there is a lot of concern about the road to the children in Norway.
This system, this, no, the political system, they have to change.
Yes.
They have
to change this system.
Yes.
Because it is very dangerous to take away children when they see the best, the best children.
They have to be the best children.
They have to think when they take away children from their family.
First they lose the love of their family.
Yes.
Who is going to give the children the love that my children don't need to give them the love?
I'm not
going to. No.
I'm on a job.
You are not allowed to give them love, but they can pay someone else to take away from you.
I doubt that others give them love.
If they sit and talk shit and negatively about you to Ida, for example, then it's not love.
It's not showing them love.
Yes, because it's been said in Ida's mind and heart that your mother was not good.
Because you are like Kamila for Teresalima and Birja.
You know that your mother was not good enough to take care of you.
Your mother can not take care of you when you are crying.
And we have to find a mother who can take care of you.
Yes.
But they don't have anything good where they are now.
No.
Since they want to go home.
It's hard.
Yes.
And then they have not got anything better?
No.
But they have managed to split the family.
And then they have managed to... you get sad.
You get frustrated.
You get stressed.
The children get stressed.
I heard that it was Ida who had run away from the house of Epereska.
Yes, Friday.
And
I heard that she had...
It was last week.
Yes, last week.
Last week.
That she had been allowed to meet.
And then I got a phone call from the train station.
It was about half past three.
And then I called Trivak, but I did not get the call.
And then after that
I got a lot of phone calls.
Where are you?
I said
I was
at the church on the bed.
And then
I kept Ida in the room.
And then at the time she was at my place from
Friday until
Saturday.
They come to you to look for Ida.
Yes.
And then at the time they had opened the train station.
And then they hit all the neighbors.
And now I am very sad.
How am
I going to get all the neighbors?
What is happening?
Because no neighbors, it was very white that
I had lost the train from the train station.
But now the train station has
told everything.
Everyone has
told everything.
Yes.
So it's very...
Then they have used the toilet.
They have not been allowed to go out and tell everything.
Right?
And then the police go to all the neighbors and banks and so on. It was not good.
But now the children are at the nursing home.
Yes.
And then there are the other two.
Where are they?
Are they at the foster home or the institution?
Ida is at the institution.
But
I do not know what happened to her now.
Because she was so stressed.
And now she tells me, mom, I do not want to live anymore.
I want my life to go away.
Because I can not live in this situation.
It's very heavy for me.
And so
I do not want to live in this situation anymore.
And now I
am very afraid.
Because
I do not know how Ida is today.
What happened to her?
Do you get any messages from the children?
How do they go with the children?
Tell them how they are?
No, it was Tuesday.
The children told me that
I was in the car and selling food.
It was very crying, very sick, very crazy.
And we think that the children were not at home.
It was the one who threw the bag.
So you are to blame for the children crying and crying.
Yes.
And throwing things.
Yes.
I do not know if it is because they are not at home.
But the truth is that the activation of the child care system suggests that they have a good connection to mom and will go home to mom.
Yes.
So that means that the parents do not have a clue what they see.
They see the child crying and will go home.
And then they have been observing the child at mom.
And they have not put in any information.
No.
Instead, they make it even worse for both you and the child.
Very, very bad.
They have made a very bad problem.
When
I think
I cried a lot,
I think what
I have done with my child, what I should do with the child.
Because now I see what kind of child has a situation like today here in Berseskatt, we go to school, we go to the kindergarten, mom who goes to the first grade and we go to school and we go to the kindergarten.
No, they have to think about it, that it is a child's job.
Now they have moved around, changed schools.
All the time.
All the time.
And this they call better than that they lived with you and that you had got some help.
It is not so difficult to understand for most that now they have made it even worse for the child.
Right.
And it is the parents who now expose the child to abuse,
as they claim you did.
So yes, it is actually tragic.
It is very, very, very painful when
I think about the child, what he has a situation today.
He has a test and then we will move to the kindergarten, we will go back.
They say yes, this does not help.
It does not come to the mother, it is her.
Because her mother can not take care of you, she can not trust you.
It is like...
Then we have from the city of Søndre Nordstrand, have five children like yours.
And these children do not have it good.
No.
And the mother is desperate, the mother has not received any help.
Instead, they have made a big circus with the family home, where they just stress the situation more.
No help.
And today, do you have an advocate who helps you today?
I have an advocate who is in trouble, he is on vacation.
He is not back right now?
No, he came back on June 1. And now he is very sad, I do not know where Daniel is.
The day he received a letter from the husband, the children went to Daniel's kindergarten.
They went to the kindergarten, which is like a quick thank you.
Because I do not receive any letter, I just receive a letter from the advocate, you know now, Daniel is no longer in the kindergarten.
So... We can summarize a little, we have talked together for over an hour.
So, we have Kabura and Joli, who have lost five children to the children.
On more or less constructed reasons
, where they constantly stress the family to find something negative.
And so the story is now.
The children have made the children more hurt than they claim the mother has done.
They have not put in any measures, they have not helped the mother in any way.
The health station and the kindergarten did not understand why the children were taken.
Now they do not think there is any reason to take the children.
There was a problem with one child, only Sarima, but not other children.
And then Sarima did not want to take me, Sarima wanted to get someone to help.
But not every day, maybe once a week.
And then
I have to be made to someone, I do not know, who the children have used, who the children have to talk to.
It was a student.
It was a student, yes.
So he was not an educated psychologist, but a student.
Yes.
And then
I have not seen Daniel, but it was written.
You just wrote a report about a child you have not seen.
And then when we came to the nurse, I asked them, have you seen the child?
No.
How do you know the child?
How do you know the child?
So they have just made a report without seeing the child?
Yes.
They do not really know how the child is or what the child is, they just make a paper to take away the child.
It was just a student who took care of Sarima, Noro and Billy, but not others.
And then the student who took care of the child, it was not to the nurse, it was not to the doctor.
It was just to the others who did not see the child.
Okay.
Then I think we can summarize here.
What we have heard today is just the same method from the parents, as we see in many other things.
They make pain and weather out of something that could be helped with simple measures.
And because the mother did not want the children to come twice a week to check the children at school, she did not get any help.
And this is not sustainable.
Bydel Søndød Nordstrand needs to get someone who goes through what they really do.
And the city council in Oslo, Ingmar Marte Torkelsen.
She is out in the hard way from before, but she is responsible for the emergency.
And we will continue to follow this case.
I can say so much that we have had contact with other members of the family, and we will return to this case pretty soon.
So thank you for now.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
