 
Let the children, let the children, let the children be set free
Let the children, let the children, let the children stand free
Let the children, let the children, let the children be set free
Let the children, let the children, let the children come to
me
To their father, to their mother Welcome to a new show from the Family Channel.
Today we have with us someone who has experienced a lot in the childhood.
I can start with my name is Rune Fardal.
I have with me Anita and Stian.
He has been through most of the time.
25 times or in different places
he has been placed in the time he has been in the childhood.
So Stian, how did this start?
I came to Lundberg when
I was around 9 years old.
They were going to be at home to help me.
I can't remember if it was a positive contact.
I don't want to say it was a positive contact.
But it was something to be proud of.
It didn't work out too well and
I just wanted to make the contact.
If it was violent, you got more of your will, then you came where you wanted.
Then I got a demo through a young man when
I was around 10 years old.
Then it started to get a bit messy at home.
My father started hitting me with his flat hand.
After a couple of years
I was out for the first time.
I was 12 or 13 at the time.
I was taken to the police and came to a child.
My father had informed the police that they had beaten me.
I was told that everything was going to be fine and that things were going to be fine.
After 6 days
I was told that
I was moving back tomorrow.
I remember that my friend was very sad for me.
After that
I was very sad
at home and didn't go to school much.
I was told that
I had to take a shower and go to school.
We were on the 3rd floor.
There wasn't much we could do, but it was just for the child to come so
I could move.
Did you get any help?
Yes, because
I felt that
I wanted to be better.
Then we moved to an institution in Paradise, under the Bergen acute disease.
When
I arrived there were 2 women
at work and 3 men.
There were 2 girls there.
One of them suffered from
a little mental illness and the other was 17 years old and suffered a lot from the virus.
I was 13 years old.
It was the summer before
I was 13.
When
I arrived there the adults were very worried that
I wouldn't be with the other girls.
They tried to keep me away from them.
Was that because they were in Russia?
Yes.
I wasn't supposed to be there for long.
It worked for some reason, but it was because
I wanted to be with them.
I didn't want to be alone.
I wanted to be friends.
I was in a new place.
I started to be with them and
I started to get angry.
I didn't feel that this was a good place to be.
I didn't feel that the adults knew me because
they worked 8 hours and then they
were back home.
So
I didn't get any kind of relationship to that.
I left and I was at the same time at the family home in Knarvik, in Linos.
There it was very good.
I lived with an elderly woman and an elderly man.
I lived there for 18 months.
I didn't get angry.
I had a good time.
I went to school.
I had a strict frame around me and I was doing relatively well at school.
Then they were supposed to move me over to the first home.
It was a process that took almost a year.
It was about five
different things.
The first was that my whole family wanted me to have.
There were nice people who lived with
130 people.
They wanted to do this for me.
They wanted to support the family.
But this wasn't good enough.
The same
thing happened to me with three other families.
Did they give you any reasons why it wasn't good?
Or was it more of a subjective opinion?
I didn't get any reason for it.
I got a message that we have found something as possible.
They said no, we don't want them anyway.
So I said no, I'm not going there.
So it went on and on waiting for when
I would move.
Then I got a message that
I was moving to a man who lived in Mangar.
It was close when
I lived there, so
I could still go to the same school.
At this time, when he was starting to get worried about me having access to his
Swedish, I had met him three times before moving in.
I had already met him once.
It didn't go so well for him.
He didn't have time for me.
He had a job he was doing yesterday.
He had a farm he had just bought.
I didn't feel like anyone had time for me.
The school didn't do any worse, it was a longer trip.
So then
I started to get worried again, because it felt like a good thing.
After a while, I tried to talk to my parents and tell them that
I couldn't live there.
I didn't feel like it was good.
I wasn't taken seriously.
I tried for four months to talk to them in person and try to move from there.
It didn't work.
Then I was here in the winter.
I walked the street in Bergen for three days.
It was about 14.5 degrees.
I remember it was snowing outside.
I slept down by the cross-circumcise.
In a shadow.
I had a very heavy drug in my arm.
It was the only thing that could go wrong.
I didn't feel like
I got the help I needed.
I was called up by the police and placed on the clock.
It wasn't a good way to get in there and get a message.
They told me to put on a jacket and that
I shouldn't have anything dangerous on me.
I was told to take a shower.
It was like lying on an isolated cell.
You had a bathroom with your own door and a bed stuck to the wall.
A person would come and feed you if you banged on the door.
But without that, it was nothing.
It was like being in a cell.
It was like being on a cell.
Because you had
a bathroom.
I sat there for 24 hours.
Before
I was placed in the ward.
Was the door locked?
The door was locked.
24 hours.
Then I was placed in the ward.
It was a white room.
With a sofa and TV.
Which was all locked.
Everything was locked.
The chair was very heavy.
It was like a 14,5 year old chair.
It was hard to pull out the lunch chair.
We only had plastic boxes and We only had plastic boxes and If we were going out, we had two adults with us.
We had to have crotch and sandals.
So we weren't going to get sick.
The whole area was covered in mud.
With a small amount of mud.
But it was high enough that you would struggle to get out.
You wouldn't just run.
And then a door that stood up.
Then we had our own school in the area.
There
I lived for a month.
You didn't get time alone.
You went to the shower, and 5 minutes before the bank came on, I heard that everything was fine.
Not that much for sure.
Every 15 minutes, someone comes to the bank.
And they hear that everything is fine.
And if you were more than half an hour away, they had to see you.
You couldn't get a lunch for free either.
In the evening we had night watch.
And we slept for an hour.
When I got out of there, I went down to the cold.
During the winter, it was also possible.
Did you learn anything?
Were you offered any
help
?
Or was there a service?
I don't know why
I was
moved to a foster home.
And why they chose to place me at a locked institution.
What time did you get up?
The clock.
Where is it?
It's in the old town center.
Oh, up there.
So it was just a service?
Yes, it was a rain service.
No therapy?
No?
No, nothing.
It was a place to be locked in.
Because what you describe as this room and this bathroom, is exactly what they have at Sandviken Hospital.
Exactly.
I've been there before.
It sounds like a prison cell.
Yes, and at Sandviken they have a window in the door, so they can look in.
They knock on the door and check people all the time.
So it's up there.
They have a room to sleep in, and they have a time machine.
After that, you moved to a foster home?
No, I moved to Kalfar.
Okay.
I was going to live in a small apartment, with a strong family there, and a couple of adults who would take care of me.
They thought that the other kids who lived there, wouldn't have a good influence on me, because of what they had seen before.
Four girls lived between 15 and 17 years old, and two boys of the same age.
Five of them were very strong, and one of them was a little difficult to be with.
That went very well, and one of the boys up there became
a little more difficult.
They thought that the other boy needed the apartment, and the other boy had to take care of it.
So I sat up there as a 14 year old boy with four girls, and one boy of 17 to 15 years old, who was very fond of me.
This was around
May.
I was very fond of going out, and
I remember that there were things that were in front of my room.
They always tried to get me out.
In the end,
I started to be with them.
It was the fourth night that
I had been
with them for three weeks, when
I got home.
The staff just smiled a lot, and said nothing.
They just said, where have you been?
And
I just smiled, and they just smiled at me.
Then I woke up, and two policemen came into my room, and said that
I was going to the police station.
I had been out for two months.
Then I was back at the police station, and the same procedure.
The policemen saw that
I was dressed
, and
they were up again, and they were fully dressed, and
they checked that
I didn't have any arm or clothes
on. They took me to the bathroom, and I was in the shower for another 24 hours.
Then I was in another department, and they took me out.
When
I was there, I didn't
want to be there, and
I lived with a friend of mine, so
I started to take off. When I had been
there for three weeks, I had been there four times.
Did you get any help at that time, or was it just a maintenance?
It was just maintenance.
At least that's how
I felt.
That time
I wasn't allowed to go to school either.
So I didn't have anything to do during the days.
And after three weeks, now it's been two days, I was sitting in the sofa, and then there was a policeman.
He suddenly jumped over the table in my head, and hit me, and yelled that
I had just been out
all day, and that
I was going to kill you, and blah blah blah.
I was sitting there, scared, with three staff watching, and four young people, no, three young people, and wondering what was going on, and what
I had done wrong.
After a while, they asked me what the fuck had happened, and they were like, no, I haven't started anything.
I just didn't understand anything.
The other young people had said that they had seen it, and then
I asked about the policeman, but they didn't allow it.
I told my lawyer, but it wasn't taken up again.
After that, they found out that it would be best to send me to Østfold, because
I only had
a negative environment in Bergen.
Then they placed me so that
I could help them with what
I had experienced, and then they helped me to get rid of that person.
So then
I was told that
I was going to an institution that had their own car, their horses, and there was a farm.
Until then, did you feel that all these places got some of the help that they suddenly needed?
It was just a place to live, and not to be bothered in any way.
You lived in a place where you didn't want to be home because you were bothered.
You got roof and food, and that's it.
There was no therapy, group of conversations.
No.
It never happened at any of these places.
When
I was sent to Østfold, it was the first youth, it was a newly established institution.
In that
I was in the car with the staff,
I asked a little about how it was, how they lived there, and to know that
I was the first youth.
There was a youth who came in two days.
It had previously been a company that was running an institution.
They had no information, so
I was in the brochure, and I had a paper bag, and
I said that it was a little bit of this and that.
A lot of activity, but nothing happened.
My father had received a message that
I had contact with a Danish researcher who had specialized in people with problems with human and so
on. So he thought that this was not good.
When I came in, they had none of this, and they didn't have the internet again.
Two days later, an 18-year-old moved in with me, and he had serious problems with the virus.
It went on for three weeks, and then another one came from
Trondheim with serious virus problems.
Then they asked the adults what kind of institution this was, and
I said that it was a Russian institution.
My papers
didn't say that
I would have any help from Russia, or that
I would only help because
I had been dragged there to meet people.
But they couldn't help me with that institution, because it was a Russian institution.
So then
I was in the wrong place.
The application was not what you thought in a way?
Yes.
It was written on the papers.
There was a lot of virus when
I lived there.
Was it beer, or was it narcotic?
I don't know if it was narcotic, but it was probably a substance, and sometimes pills at that time.
I had my first overdose when
I lived there for two months, and the staff didn't know that
I had overdosed.
It took two days for someone who was fortunately out of a hospital to get a job there to come home, and then
I realized that my pulse was too slow, and that
I almost didn't have a pulse.
So it could go very badly, because the staff didn't know about these things.
And that was the Russian institution?
Yes.
With people who don't have insight into how something
like that happens?
Yes.
That's good.
That's it.
Yes.
I lived there for two years, and
I experienced that
I wasn't allowed to go out
to meet people.
I didn't go to school for eight months, and
I had no activities, and
I almost only went to the houses.
When
I first started school, I started at a special school
where there were three students.
Okay.
There wasn't a good place to go, and
I didn't feel like
I learned anything.
So
I started working, and it went very well.
But when they felt that
I had done something wrong
, they were punished for not allowing me to go to work.
So if I had...
So what you felt was good for you, they took it from you, in punishment.
Yes.
If I went out to drink a beer with friends
I met in Ukraine, it was like, no, why should
I go to work on Wednesday, because you've been out to Russia.
And at that institution, it was normal for people to go to Russia every day.
And they didn't get the same consequences as
I did.
They went to a Russian institution.
Yes.
I did that.
We were smoking in the room, in the bathroom, we were sitting in the studio smoking cannabis and stuff.
It doesn't smell like cannabis, so you can smell it.
Cannabis smells very strong, in case of police.
So the people who worked there, they didn't say anything, they must have known it.
If someone has known it, and if they work and have a degree in open-air, they must have knowledge about
Russian...
Russian... Yes, they must have knowledge about how these substances look like, how they smell, everything.
They must have knowledge.
I remember that we were sitting with staff and
smoking.
With a narcotics sofa?
Yes.
It's good.
A Russian institution, sitting and smoking
with staff.
Then you wondered where the help was.
Yes, you could have seen which staff were smoking cannabis.
I had one staff who sat beside me, with a friend, and smoked.
I don't remember.
I moved to my own apartment, in the east of Norway.
At that time
I was moved a lot around, because they thought it was hard to have me in the department.
Because I had moved in a girl who had become my roommate.
When we were together for two months, I was moved to a house in Trysil.
I lived there for three months.
I was told that you weren't allowed to have a house for more than a month.
Why would you be moved?
They felt that it wasn't positive that two people living together had sexual relations.
So when you could finally connect with people, you moved to a cabin in Trysil?
Yes.
That's
completely wrong.
It's great that you're telling us.
I went to Mården and was told that we were going on a drive.
We were going to Trysil and stand on a
snowboard.
We drove up there, and we were going into the cabin first.
We were supposed to be in the cabin until the adults felt safe that you were coming home.
The person who drove me up, was a very good contact with a good man in the childhood.
He got a phone number and said that two people were on their way to Trysil.
When they got up, they were going to drive back.
He got angry and said that
I didn't care.
They don't need two people.
They need one person to talk to.
If not, it will just break up.
There were two people
I had a good contact with, who were with me up here.
They were on a drive, and they
were there one week a week.
They had a
regular trip of three days.
I felt that this was a person who had sacrificed something to give something
back to me.
He wanted to be kind and try to get back what they had done.
After that, I was moved back to the department.
It was two weeks.
I was moved to a shelter in Kroksund, which was 20 minutes from where
I lived.
Yes, 23 minutes.
They called it a side department by the US.
But after the law, this side department is too far away in the air.
It must be under 15-20 years away.
It wasn't a legal shelter to use, so it became
a loving shelter.
I lived there for six months.
How big was the shelter?
We lived in a 60 square meter.
Was it with all facilities?
Yes, two bedrooms, a bathroom and a kitchen.
Very thin walls.
You had everything when he was doing it.
You lived there for six months.
Was it in the winter or summer?
I moved in a bit before winter began, and moved out in the summer.
Okay.
After
I lived there for a while, or the six months, I got a flat in Mysen.
It was 85 square meters.
The first thing that started was that the landlord wanted 5,000 extra, because I was going to rent out the children to be with.
People wanted to make money.
When I was down there, I realized that the employees were calling the police.
For me, because they were going to come up and take over the apartment.
I didn't understand why, because I had never found anything there that was illegal.
I remember the police came in and beat me up once.
Without any papers, and suddenly they stood in my way when
I was alone.
It was like my apartment in my country.
How old were you?
I was 16 years old.
I had just come home
from work.
What did you do?
I was a warden.
Okay.
Wards and services, and things like that.
We had been in the garden, painting, shopping, and doing the digging.
Was it in Mysen?
It was in the whole of the east.
We had a couple working in Sweden.
We got a lot of money from them.
They told me that
I should do it where
I wanted to.
If someone from the institutions were to come and check, I would always get messages.
I was up in the institution for a week because I was minimally with the adults.
Then I went to Fredrik's house to visit a friend of mine.
He had bought me a program, and he told me that there was a car behind us.
If you have something with you, you have to lift it out of the window.
I said, maybe you should take it with you.
He said, no, but put it in the car.
Then he put it in the car, and he said that he would go out and get it.
He had been working in the institution for 5-6 years, and had been a teacher.
Then I went back to my apartment.
I got new division loans.
I got a message that if you don't perform, you will be sent to Nord-Norge.
Then they had just sent another young person to the institution.
I didn't know why they had done it, so
I was scared.
I didn't want to go to Nord-Norge.
I heard that there was a big mosquito there.
I can tell you that the mosquito is big.
And many.
I was very mild.
I asked my manager if I could
move to the Mollikollektivet or the steering wheel.
They knew that
I had a friend in both places.
I was a bit skeptical, but after 3 months...
I had decided to come with me, because it was not a good idea.
Then I went to Bergen.
On a business meeting.
The last staff member told me before
I left the door that I should have my computer ready.
We were not supposed to sleep in Bergen.
But it was clear that
I had my computer ready.
Preferably two days.
When
I arrived with the staff and the management manager, I was supposed to have an hour for myself.
Then they called me half an hour and said that they were at the airport.
Will you arrive at the airport or will you stay in the car?
No, I will stay in the car if I have to.
Then
I stayed there for 3 months.
No, 3 weeks.
Then I started to get bored and decided to go back.
I was on a 412-paragraph.
When I had been at the airport for 3 weeks, I lost my seat.
Then
I had to find a new seat.
I can't come in with an insight, because I was a fink.
When you were in the room, it was very important for you to be in the room during these weeks.
Because then you had to leave the seat, because you didn't want to be on the plane.
But when
I woke up and looked at you, you were actually quite far down.
You were confused.
You couldn't answer why you were placed on the seat.
I just said, I don't know.
I just have to stay for hours and move.
Then
I had the mood to say, yes, okay.
After those 3 weeks, you were moved to Måløy?
No, when I went and signed up for the police station.
I came in and said that
I was
at Stianstolsen i Sårdeg.
I had been at the airport for 3 weeks, and was contacted in Bergen.
The police were looking around the computer, but couldn't find me.
I hadn't been contacted in Bergen, I had been contacted only in Østfold.
I was very surprised when
I was in Bergen.
After that, I was placed at the clock in the end.
It was the same procedure when
I didn't have a shower.
I was there for 16 hours,
I think.
Then I was driven to the airport.
I was allowed to take the plane to Østfold.
To Ryggen?
No, to Gardermoen.
Then I met the staff, and
I was driven to Ørneveien outside Ryggen.
But they didn't give a flight to Ryggen at that time, I think.
I lived there for a month, and then
I was placed at
Torpen.
Which is one of the departments in Måløy.
Which is a type of for young people
to enter
Måløy.
When
I got there, it was a house far
out in the forest.
We drove for almost two hours
out in the forest.
We were looking for a way out of the house.
So we drove up there.
When we arrived, they took us to Ryggen, and they were taking care of everything.
Then they took care of the eggs, and in the shower they met the other young people.
The first thing
I knew was that we couldn't stay here.
If you were going to Ryggen, you had to go out.
We didn't talk about Russian, we didn't talk about common people, we didn't talk about the past.
We were very strict about it.
If you did this, you could get sent on a trip.
You had to talk about why they did it, what they were doing, and the consequences of what they did.
It usually takes three or four days.
We got up there to greet the other young people.
There were two people from
Bergen and one from
Østfold
.
It was very lively.
We lived together for three weeks.
Then we got the news that we were going on a march.
None of us had thought about it, so we went up the mountain.
It was an open-air program.
We went up a mountain seat.
We drove up the mountain and met a bus that wasn't far up in the mountain.
We were supposed to learn about the construction work for three weeks.
It was a month,
I think.
We talked about construction work for three weeks together on the mountain seat.
We went on trips and talked about our history and our first collections.
We started to get help for our problems.
We realized that it was very difficult.
Now there are people who care about it, and this was very strange.
It was people around me constantly.
They had been sitting in this place for a long time.
I was at home for two weeks and then came back.
I had a very nice trip with them.
Then we went out for a week and slept in the tent on the mountain.
We were worried that we would be able to get down on the house.
It was to be ready and to know how to behave with each other.
Other young people had been down on the house for three months, two years.
They really wanted to be
Russian and had worked hard
for it.
We got down there and got a very nice welcome.
They had made a four-day dinner for us.
They had put on a nice jacket.
Everyone was standing outside and wished us welcome.
They had a spell on it.
This was with the sea.
If you were going out, you had to get the rescue and talk about your thoughts and everything else.
It was the only place that was really good if you weren't at home.
You felt safe.
There was no one that was hiding anything.
You felt that someone was here.
You were able to get feedback that said that this was going well.
You were able to feel like being there.
We had to be up until 8 a.m. on TV.
We were going to eat chocolate.
If you didn't do that, you had to go to the hospital.
You had to plan every day, at least for a whole week.
If you didn't do that, you had to do some other things.
It was a lot of people.
We had a phase
system.
It was a lot of work to explain what the person was going through.
You didn't have to mention that person.
We had a lot of respect for the parents.
They just had to know that the person in phase 3 or the person in phase 1 knew that they needed to live.
They knew that they needed help.
They had to take care of certain situations.
You felt that the adults helped the young people.
They built it as a family.
We had to do the daily tasks.
We had to clean a lot of houses.
We had
16 people living together.
We had to clean one meal a day.
We learned
to have a structure.
Even though it could be forced.
Maybe that's what we thought.
We had a very strong structure.
Everyone needed it.
But they did it in a very nice way.
I remember the first Christmas I celebrated was the best I remember.
That's when
I moved to the West.
I lived there for two years.
Then I moved back to Bergen.
That was the real location.
How did you meet your childhood friends when you left the institution?
It's a class.
At least you have a goal with a good frame.
Then you just become a dumb child.
When
I moved from the goal, I was going to Bergen.
I was going to a kindergarten.
With a flat and continued with my treatment.
While I was in Bergen.
I had to go to the exam twice a week.
To prove that
I was still a dumb child.
To prove that things were going well.
To prove that
I was not an alcoholic.
I felt that was very stressful for me.
I was in Bergen.
Unfortunately the winter raged again.
Then you lived alone in Hybel?
I lived in a camping site in Bergen with a staff from
Måløy.
They were going to help me find a flat.
I was stressed that I lived in a bad place.
Back in Bergen.
There was internal problems with my family.
The service started to rain again.
The children did not want this offer anymore.
Then it was over in Norway.
I was placed in a small Hybel.
With many strong
Russian citizens around Bergen Hybel.
Far out in the Ingemannsland where it is going to be a long day.
It was very difficult to get out of there.
I had to go to school again.
I was too far away to travel and go to school.
I had to stop school.
I could not stand at school every day at 6 a.m.
There is not much planning.
I was thinking about finding a new place to live.
I was thinking about finding a new place to live.
It is a strange way to treat people.
They might have needed more structure.
They might have needed more help and positive feedback.
As you might have experienced in Måløy.
It is strange that they are in an institution.
They do not plan anything.
You have to fight for your apartment.
Where is the plan?
There is no plan in any way.
They could have found an apartment and moved you.
Instead of saying that you should stop.
You could say that you should go camping.
That is how you would live.
It is tragic when you see it from a distance.
It should not be like that.
It is not strange that things are not going well.
If there is no feedback, there is no value.
You are a problem for them.
They have to find a place.
Imagine if you were in the hospital.
You could sit here for a few days.
You could find a room.
It would have been a crisis.
You are not treated
as a person.
You are treated as a number on a piece of paper.
You are a problem for them.
I will take the statistics.
I remember thinking about this.
You were first in contact with someone.
You were placed.
You are 12. From 12 until 16.
It was after the summer when you were 16.
You were placed on a table.
Yes.
I was 17. Yes, you were 17. Yes.
You have done a lot of work without getting help.
As you felt, the first place you got something on your head was on the goal.
They took it seriously.
They had a plan.
But the others were just asking where to put him now.
It seems to describe it.
When you are in the mouse, you met a girl you were dating.
How do you solve this?
We tear up the relationship and send it to the trash.
It is exactly what you should not do.
First, you find a meaning in life.
Why don't you build it out?
Why didn't you give it your own apartment?
You could have a structure, but you build relationships.
But they do the opposite.
They send people to the trash.
It is quite far up in the hill.
This relationship lasted so long that we were promised.
We could actually live together.
How many schools are there in this?
Places, feelings, chaos, unstructured.
There must have been
a number of schools.
Was it a youth school?
You were the ones who were in the children's school.
We did not have a lot of children's school.
You were not in the 7th grade.
I was only in the youth school because of the child welfare.
I was in Volkret to get a part.
During the child welfare
, I only changed four schools.
Four schools.
But you have to be prepared.
You can't
go to one school the next day.
Even though you get moved, you lose some time.
I was not in school at all.
The last half of the 9th grade and the whole time.
The municipality has a responsibility for the education.
They are legally required to provide the education.
There are a lot of hooliganism.
When you enter a school, you are in a place there.
Then you have a hooliganism that makes it more harmful.
It makes it worse for everyone.
You miss some of the other students.
Then you suddenly enter a school.
I felt a little confused.
That was because of the school that was closed.
I closed it.
We met twice in the morning.
I wanted him to contact a lawyer.
I didn't think he should be alone with his children.
He was quite doubtful and confused.
It hurt to see a child like that.
When you don't have a base in life, you are here and there.
There is no one who cares.
You are in the way.
It was a problem to move to a campsite.
If you had done that with someone else, the system would have reacted.
If you were in the health care unit, you would have to live in a campsite.
That would have been the first thing.
But when you have children, you put a lid on it.
I don't think people know how bad it is.
They have a duty to be a teacher.
No one should have an insight.
No one should be social.
There should be sensitive information.
That people should not know.
It seems that the reason that they should not know is that your story should come up, but that your duty should be kept secret.
That is where they use the duty.
It was not the duty to protect the client or the person.
Not to protect themselves.
Not to know how it is to be met.
I have a little more experience in history.
The purpose was to solve the problem of moving from home.
The problem was that they had a problem at home.
Then they moved to something that would solve that problem.
But I don't think you got a solution to any problem.
You may have
gotten new problems.
More difficult problems.
I got more problems and more stress.
That's where you see that you had a close relationship with your father.
Or at least there was violence.
Maybe that has something to do with your mother's death.
That does something to you.
Then you need a new anchor point.
Maybe your stepmother or father is not optimal.
Then you send yourself to 25 institutions and places.
Where you lost school.
You changed the relationship with the person you were with.
In the meantime you find something that is good.
But a lot is not good.
Then you need to ask yourself where the worst was.
Your stepmother or 25 on the South-Norway trip.
That's when you start to see the relationship.
Despite the fact that they were very rude in the childhood.
Was it the Os?
The Os child care service.
The reason to ask such questions is the qualifications of the people.
They don't know what they are doing.
No, many of them should not have had that job.
I am very happy that
I had the right care provider when
I went to Måløy.
Then
I would have got a new one.
You were in Måløy for about two years?
Do you have any feelings today?
I had feelings when
I talked to someone from
Måløy once a week.
The parents did not feel that there was anything wrong.
Did you feel that it was okay?
It's nice that I'm pulling it out.
That the staff will meet me
as often as they need to.
That they will still be there.
It's okay
for me when
I pull it out.
Do you live alone now?
I live with friends.
I can't be alone after I've had so
many people around me.
It's like you control your needs.
Now I need to live with someone.
You find a place to live.
You can have a relationship.
As you describe it, it can be difficult to live alone.
Suddenly you will find out about life.
But if you have been in a structured setting, Måløy, you will find someone who will take care of you.
And will keep an eye on you.
When you have gone through from 9 to 18, your brain has developed in a way that you have experienced in life.
It has probably been unstructured in the last two years.
It's not easy to sit alone and say that life is going to go
on. Then I guess you need someone to have a relationship with.
Go out with friends.
Is that true?
If you notice that there is something wrong, problems, challenges, you just go back alone and think about what to do.
Then you have something to
be able to contact someone.
Because it's not always that friends...
Have you found someone you can call if you need someone to talk to from your childhood?
No.
Then you are really completely alone.
Yes.
I think it happens that a friend can call me once in half a year.
That's what they can do.
That's really just the way it is.
I'm
going to take a shower.
Are you laughing?
I'm
going to take a shower again.
You can put a towel on the street.
Yes.
When a man pays for a house, it's not that easy to get a house in the city.
At least not in that place.
You have a house.
That's how it is.
I notice that many young people are in a
lot of chaos when they come out of the bathroom.
There is bad control of the economy, there is no money, there is social support.
If you could set up something, what would you have done from a childhood?
Have you got help today?
No, as I see it, I don't feel they could continue to help me with the house.
Instead, I could get a place that could be home friendly.
Something you feel is home.
But now you get a benefit from a name in such a house.
They cover the rent?
Yes, they cover the rent and social support.
Have they given you any signals to move forward?
Or do you need to go to work or school?
I have been out working and trying to find a job.
I tried to start school in the beginning of the year.
It was too far to travel.
From Bergen to how far to school?
From Os to Sandslø.
That's
a time-signal.
Bus change?
Yes, I had to take the bus
at 6 a.m. That's at 2 a.m. You didn't have any school bag or a place to stay?
No, I wasn't allowed to go to NÆRV Bergen.
They couldn't give me anything near the centre.
They didn't have anything.
They couldn't send me to NÆRV Bergen, because I wasn't allowed to go to the municipality.
It would be more natural to get a house in a house.
The rent, the rent, the same amount they paid.
If you had paid for the rent, you would have had
a better chance of going to school.
And then you would have been able to go on. But now you are sending it to Haga Vikk and you are sitting there.
That's not a very good way to say it.
It's a way of making money.
It's nice in Haga
Vikk, but you might need some money.
You need a nice view.
You had a place in Bergen where you have friends, but it's more of an environment to find people.
Yes, it's more of an environment.
People all over Norway know that.
And then they go out and see the whole environment.
If you live far away in the woods and you don't have the opportunity to meet your friends, you don't have friends.
You don't develop relationships
with people.
It's hard for them to get far away and meet you.
It's not the best bus or the least bus.
No, it's five or six buses per day.
And the last one is at 9.30. That's a lot of work.
It's like a new German lesson.
Yes, it is.
I think we have a good story.
We have heard what you have experienced.
I think we are ready to go for the next hour.
Time is running fast.
We can maybe take a break here now.
I hope you have got an idea of what it's like to be a child.
In this case in Os.
You take care of children who need help.
You move people around 25 times.
You break social relations that they needed to build.
You place them far away from school and social environments and friends.
It's not the end of the world.
Thank you Anita.
Thank you Stian.
You tell people that you should be the Aspergønsen mother.
Good storyteller.
Thank you for coming.
We will be back with a similar story.
Talk to you later.
