 
Let the children, let the children, let the children be set be let the children, let the children, let the children come to me
Let the children, let the children, let the children be set be let the children, let the children, let the children come to me To their father, to their mother, to their home, their family
Let the children, let the children, let the children be set free
So Nadia, how did this problem start?
It started, after I had given birth to Kaspian, they came to the hospital and said to me, either we take your boy or you have to go to the mother's house
Did they have any basis for it?
Yes, my background,
I have been in a lot of trouble
So they had some kind of concern factor, but in the open
they had never seen you as a mother since you came to the hospital No, and
I had been trying to get through the whole pregnancy, but they seemed very interested in taking...
They used your time, even though they didn't have anything to do with the current situation What did they feel when they came up?
The day after I had given birth, they told me that we had prepared the home and pressured me, and put me in At the moment
I have no lawyer or network, and
I am just sitting here
Did they ask if you wanted any help or assistance first, or was it like, we have prepared the home
There was no alternative
So they had decided beforehand, before they had really hit you?
Yes How did it go?
Did they take the baby with them?
No, then we had to travel from the hospital to Sødmanske South of Bergen And there they only had a crisis room, so I could be there for 2-3 weeks And everything was fine Sødmanske recommended that
I get further assistance But there was no other place to stay, so they took the baby Because there was no other place to stay
So they had decided that the baby was to be taken, and they gave you false hope
That
if you went to Sødmanske and showed that you were lying, then
maybe But Sødmanske said that we had no time left, so we just...
I didn't get any real assessment, because it was just a crisis room
So they had him for 3 months
I got him back against the fact that
I had accepted the wild baby in Horten
So we were compared there And there
I had a 3 month long stay, which was extended to 4 And suddenly
I got a message that we would take the baby at the next meeting
I think about the 3 months they took him from
Sødmanske to the wild How did you experience that?
They have my baby in Gissell, so they tried to get cooperation
They really wanted
to take urine samples, but
they didn't
want to pay for them
They were not interested in anything
Did they try to get you to do something, so you could get help for what they said you didn't deserve?
Or was it you who tried to get dialogue?
I had to fight to get in touch with them
So they didn't get any kind of help?
It seemed like they wanted me to fall back, or rather fall together But
I didn't do that
So you came to
Horten, and you were there for 3 months?
Yes, I was there for 3 months, and got an extension for 1 month How can you describe that time?
What was the daily routine?
The first day
I saw... they have been in the news, Sylvia and Trond...
I don't remember the name
But I was one of the first to see them, and I got a flashback
I was very hurt, and it really hurts You are in the same situation, and you see that they take children from...
Other people?
Yes, and in my eyes, and in most normal people's eyes, they are completely outgoing
Normal, good, loving parents And you see that they lose children
So it made the rest of the family...
A fear, or are you more of a loner?
You didn't get the feeling that their intention was to help you?
Or did you get the feeling that they just looked at you to try to find something wrong?
What about the other people?
What impression did you get?
The impression was not good, but
I was fooled Because the children told me that they needed help, and that they wanted to come out with a cast And that they needed help, but the parents are not help, they are
just observations So I was fooled It's the same as many others who have been to such a mother's home, describe that it's not a help instance Where you should learn something that you think they
can't
It's a wake-up call center where
they make the children's papers
But it's in the interest of the psychologist up there It's not something I'm
helping, this is to observe
Three or four months
there, and then you got the cast when you left?
No, they told me that they would take the cast at the next meeting
I wrote a note, I think it was the children's paper, we would like to have it And asked for advice on what to do now, I was also confused And I got contacted by a lady named Nina Søviknes
I got the cast pretty quickly And she helped me with the driver and the weather So we were on the road, it says mother's road for voluntary maintenance That's
pretty over the top, they use road and then it's voluntary
That's what they mostly say But
thanks to this fantastic network
I got in contact with Margaret Hennem, who is a child's hospital staff And lived there in Skjul for a month We wrote reports, and she wrote how the day went with the cast We sent them anonymously to the children's hospital Did you get any complaints?
Yes, even though no one had done anything punishable
There was no evidence that you would lose care?
No So they didn't have
any basis to follow you?
No It's written in the papers, there are some articles about it No one helped do anything punishable But 5 police districts got involved
It sounds like a big police operation, is it a big and
important attack?
It shows how the power is abused, they don't have any basis And then 5 police districts got involved, so police have to feel pretty good
They even had friends
I hadn't seen in years
They had searched the bank, the internet I'm pretty sure they found me because
they used my family's phone
Did they have any evidence to use?
We are investigating it now As far as
I know you need a witness from a court to take action
I don't think
this is legal When they came to get him
, I was at the hairdresser
Maybe they saw you when you left?
They had probably finished this and were ready They came after 5 police officers and 2 from the child care The castor was sleeping in his bed The home nurse had it all in her hands And she wakes a sleeping baby up and uses that emergency paragraph
This is for children in a serious crisis
This is
a 5-6 month old baby sleeping at the safe house The child nurse knows how to handle the baby The mother is at the hairdresser and 5 police officers come in Plus 2 child care staff and grab this with them What happened?
Did they take the castor with them?
Did they get a message from someone?
Yes, they called me and the one in Bodos
I got a message the next day
I was supposed to get a message to the other person But suddenly they moved him to Bergen Even though
I lived in Ulstenvik
They moved my baby to
Bergen Did you get any messages?
Yes, they had to fly back and forth He got that twice a week Hotel, flights
They paid for the trip?
Yes How long did he sleep?
Was it an hour a day?
A few hours
Where was he?
He was at the safe house
They brought him to you?
Yes, we met at a church town hall
Okay This lasted
a while?
Yes, a few months What happened next?
First, we lost a man we had cut off We lost the 13th man
Then he came to
Bergen
I had witnessed every single incident It's very important
I even filmed it Thank you for your help What was the conclusion?
They said that because of the help they didn't try to get him out, they would bring him back After almost five months in Mødre Was it six months or a long time before the meeting?
It wasn't that long
So they brought him back?
It was a one-sided situation You can imagine that because they didn't try to get him out It was a national issue The children's rights were not allowed to help him
They had
just
gone to the hospital, picked
up a child And sent Nadia to the Southman And then to the wild in Horten Without any help The psychologists confirmed that
Mødre is not in the emergency
room
It's an observation center
Then they won a couple of elections They lost in Bergen Because they didn't try to get him out The children's rights were not allowed to help him
They didn't stop the case They sent the long message to my new home municipality
So
if they were so concerned, why did they come?
Now, after I got him home
They have been home with me
They have met
Kaspian They have received all the papers from the health center And the development is going normally?
Yes, it's amazing But recently
I received a letter from the health center What did they say?
They wanted
me to start family law And have a group of employees around Kaspian
I have sent a complaint to the health center What did they say?
That I was still in a vulnerable situation
They have no observations?
They have seen me and Kaspian together
They describe the good interaction between mother and child Something they also describe in the health center Most reports show that you are a good mother Kaspian is doing well The development is going normally And someone is sitting on the child's back And claims that you need help Yes, and that
I am in a vulnerable situation How I am in a vulnerable situation
Have they explained how you are vulnerable?
No, they just mean that we are vulnerable
It's just flubbery, a bit of a negative statement
Both the complaint and the complaint on the complaint Is public on my Facebook
page
So you can go in and see the documentation Of what these public employees are in the child welfare Is it child welfare in Bergen?
This is in Volda We have some more things from
Volda So you can go back later
It's about whether employees in the child welfare Are actually entitled Because there are no objective observations Or data that says that you are neither in a vulnerable situation Not entitled, or that
Kaspian has problems No, no No
other concerns?
No A couple of aunts up in Volda?
Yes Really?
Yes And I want to live a normal life with Kaspian It's not possible for me if I suddenly have to start a meeting with the health care unit
I feel like I'm being put on a... A Go-to-work, that employees in the child welfare Have caused you problems And that therefore, or maybe you are allowed to say you are sleeping on a virtual mat
Yes Because this is the only thing that can actually Make out the truth The only thing
I need is peace Peace from these employees in the child welfare As long as we have good evidence that the children in their system
get economically out or do
they have a strong reason for their own job?
Is that really what they are doing?
You can start to wonder.
Your case is not unique in any way, because there are many other cases, and in
Volde there are several cases that we will probably come back to, with the same child care manager.
Brunel Solvang.
Yes, Brunel Solvang, the child care manager in
Volde.
She has also been in the media, there was a family up there who recently wrote an open letter in Vestnytt, was that the name?
And the Sunnmørsposten.
So she is on thin ice, and she had to defend herself with a letter, but that case also came back to us, but it shows that the problem is probably on the property of these people in the child care system, and
then they introduce you as a mother, concerns, a lot of statements, no documentation for, you have to show that you work fine, and your son is okay, and you have a network many places, and it is big, so there is probably a reason to turn this problem a little, that maybe it is the child care manager up in Volde who is starting to get a little hurt, a little bit of a beating, because this is a problem, they can not stand to stop, because it is a stoppage.
You knew that.
Now you have also complained about this case from the child care manager in
Volde, have you got any answer to that?
No, now
I was supposed to be at a meeting, one of these days, but then I was supposed to go throw again on holiday, so we have to agree on a new meeting.
Then we'll see.
Then maybe it can be smart to have someone with you.
Yes, yes, yes.
Not go alone on such a thing.
No, no, I can do this.
You have all the rules.
We can do this.
Now you are actually waiting for a new meeting with the child care
manager in Volde, regarding the concern they have received.
I'm
going to meet with my case manager, who is driving a car and has a seizure or something.
In Volde?
Yes.
And you are maybe going to agree on a new meeting?
Yes, it is to go through the case.
I had made a deal that they would close the case.
I have not read it, but it is on your Facebook page.
Then those interested can see what concerns the child care manager in
Volde is producing,
but there are no objective observations or statistics or tests that say that Kasper has problems.
Kasperian.
Kasperian, important to get right.
Kasperian has some problems.
Mother is well functioning.
So
I have begun to ask questions.
The child care manager in Volde, what are you actually doing?
I will come back to that, because I want to...
I have a couple of other things in Volde as well.
Where the same child care manager is working and struggling.
Packed in the same way.
There is nothing.
It is a good network.
At the same time, she is doubting undocumented claims.
So... You have achieved the most important thing.
We have managed to keep 25 minutes and a half, so time goes by quickly.
I wanted to say something else.
There are so many people who ask me for help now.
Also pregnant mothers who are going around being life-saving.
Parents at their mothers' home.
They contact me and ask me for help.
I try my best with my own experience.
But we would like to have more help.
It can be an inspiration to all of you out there.
Mothers like Nadia and many others, both at their mothers' home and at their mothers' home.
They are worried.
They need people around them.
They need a network.
Help families, but also friends, acquaintances.
And also someone with professional knowledge.
Someone who knows paragraphs and can be at meetings.
Advocates or people
with knowledge.
We need a world for children.
That was a good thing to say.
Many people ask me for help.
I have been through it myself.
You have experience.
Maybe you met the people in your situation.
When you are asked for help, what do I do now?
Where do
I go?
Who can help me?
There are many thousands out there on Facebook who are worried about these things.
If a part of what is out there can be a contribution, maybe contact you as contact persons for mothers who need help.
It can be on loans, it can be on places to stay.
It can be just someone to talk to.
It can
be mothers who need help, for example, some relief.
In the countryside,
there are relief persons who are on vacation and they come in for a relief.
But maybe not so much.
But being there to help mothers, especially those who are pregnant and waiting for the baby.
I had a broadcast the other day, on Thursday, where five mothers from the mother home had called our network and asked for help.
They were in the same situation as you are now.
They were facing
a lot of allegations that they are not good enough and feel insecure.
They are scared and afraid.
It is not easy to be a good mother when you have to look over your shoulder all the time.
Do
I do something wrong?
It is important that they have contact.
And think about if several could call in, like
Margaret Hennem.
She did a great job.
Without her, she would not have been
able to help.
She did not receive me from this mother home.
Only if someone opened their homes for them.
We saw how this went.
The children lost their jobs.
You had
to go back to sleep.
Margaret Hennem did a great job.
There is no reason to be afraid of the police.
The police actually followed the law.
Even if five police districts were involved in your case, many sea fleas would have tasted the honey today.
They had to use the child care chiefs, like we have heard from Volda, for example.
They would produce concerns.
They would not have found or observed any problems.
This is a good question from
Nadje.
If what you see outside can help.
Everyone can help
a little.
There are many mothers and children who are saved from being destroyed.
It is not just the mother and child who get their lives destroyed.
It is the whole family who loses contact with the child.
Who experiences trauma.
We have got the most out of this.
You have received a request.
Please report to the mother who needs help.
The contact information is out there.
The more contact information there is, the more mothers and children get help.
From this hysteria that the children are in.
Thank you.
