 
Let the children, let the children, let the children be set free!
Let the children, let the children...
Hello everyone, welcome to the For My Channel!
Today we will talk about
some interesting topics.
This is your little studio!
Today I have taken the road to Dale in Sundfjord.
And here it is, it is probably going to be very good weather today.
We have a little bit of weak wind in the area, so maybe you can hear that too.
I'm
sitting with Anne and Kjell.
And they got today a verdict from the Søngen and Fjordane district court.
The children's court against their parents.
And the children's court's advocate was Otto Roll, who we all know.
It did not go in their favor.
It was a trial of the people's vote on the transfer of power.
And I have not read the whole verdict, but in sum they lost.
And then it is a little interesting, I recognize several names on this list.
Members, psychologist, Venke Søvik Mikkelbust.
It gives me bad vibrations, I have heard these names before.
But to start with the beginning for you.
When did you first come into contact with the child welfare system?
It was during the pregnancy control in Jordborg.
How long ago is that?
I would say... Was it 2016?
2016 and
2017.
So you were born in 2017?
Yes.
So it started with pregnancy control at Jordborg here in the valley.
Yes, that's right.
And how did you experience that?
To start with, when they were close to the control,
as they usually put in a health card, or a pregnancy card, what you should say, then it went well.
It started with a little about the staff, where they live, and what the name is, the address and so on. But when she was going to name something in relation to health, she registered that
I did not look Norwegian.
No.
And then she asked
a little, and she said that
I do not look Norwegian, and that you do not have a Norwegian appearance.
You speak
Norwegian fluently.
Yes, I do.
So you were invisible.
I was invisible, in a way.
I could say
I gave a warning lamp.
You started to ask questions.
Yes, and then she asked me where
I was from.
And then
I said that
I am from Latin America.
And then she said that we might have to think a little differently, because then we have to be a little, how shall we say, be a little out of the way.
And that's because since I'm
from such a country, then this is what she talked about in relation to infections, it can be diseases.
So I took a lot of blood tests in connection with hepatitis A and B. How long have you been in Norway in 2016?
I have now, I came in 1989, so
I have been here for over 25 years.
So you have been here for 25 years, and then a grandmother starts talking about blood tests for hepatitis and whatever.
Yes, it was like that.
For me, it seems a little too out of the way, so, okay, alienation, this must be now.
Yes, I felt it a little like that, because when
I started to get her to explain what you were talking about, and now she is, because you understand that we have some kind of frames, from different cultures and where people are from, who get her rules.
And the country
I was from, it also made me feel, okay, she looks
at me as not Norwegian.
And then things started to roll, and then there was different checks and checks and this and that, and I thought, why?
Why is that?
But then she mentioned that there were a lot of things that
I could have brought with me from up here, that
I could bring to the children, to the born children, so
I was not born there.
And then she started asking, yes, where are you from, how long have you lived here, how old were you, and this, what family do you have?
And then
I felt quite simply that when she started at that stage, that the controls, when I was called in, the controls were more on that she should dig and dig and dig.
Because this has nothing to do with giving birth to children.
I mean, you probably do that in South America, in the good way too, so this is, this is a bit of a tip, one thing is to ask about your biology, and that everything is fine, and tests and such.
But when you start asking where you are from, you speak Norwegian, you don't look Norwegian.
Yes, but she has given birth to two children before, right?
And then it's a bit of a tip, I'm starting to think about racism
at once.
When
I left there, yes, because when
I left there, I went in and thought, how wrong the world asked her about that.
Yes, one thing was, this was the starting phase, she wanted to get to know me, and in a way build that connection for us, you could say.
But then
I felt like, the tip was too much on this, that no, you know, it was like, no, you're not Norwegian, then it was like, no, you just have to stand there.
Because then it was like, no, you have to do the tests, we have to check this and that, you can maybe have this and that, because we know, but we have to look closer at this.
I thought, God help me.
There was nothing that he gave the control that we should do.
No, because the earth mother control itself, because what you're talking about here, is actually... Yes, she did the control and things like that, but she used it in a way, she could use
a quarter, she did the tests, as they say, pregnancy, but then it became two hours.
Because it was like explanations and explanations, so you came from there, how was your school, were you bullied at school, did you have teacher difficulties, did you have a good night's sleep?
That's what they're talking about.
Yes, I understand, I think, this is what we're going to spend time on, that's why the earth mother went.
What did the tests show?
All showed good.
They didn't find any mistakes.
No blood tests, no urine, we went to the hospital.
Then the same day, an hour later, a visit from the earth mother, who is the director of the hospital, said that two women are coming here today, from the sea child care center.
What did it help, and why, she couldn't answer.
If I tell her, she won't help me, I had my thoughts, because they had started the research process.
When they came and explained this, I had one in my arms, then it was just me, because he was home with the boy.
Then I got a message, so they explained, we are here, because we have received a concern from the earth mother.
Did they say what the concern was?
Or was it, she had already sent three, you were foreign, it was language, and then you were transferred from her to a doctor.
Those were the three things.
Nothing should have been blinking, red warning light, at all.
Then it was in the information, it was written, I had no network, no family.
She was very afraid that this would lead to a new child, as our situation, they move, and if we start a life and establish ourselves, she was worried,
because we had no network.
But you had children before, did you?
Two.
And that has gone quite well.
Since this was new up here, I tried to call around here to hear who they were.
I was in contact with them, got a message back, it's not that we can't help, but I was in contact with them before, and had a defense, on the team with the child welfare.
They defended child welfare in many cases, they are very internal.
The last lawyer
I was with, I contacted until 2017 last year.
I talked to him, he said that...
That was the one from
Sø Søn Fjord lawyers.
They told that we are not so interested, to take this matter into consideration.
They were in dialogue with the child welfare in Norway earlier, but they chose to cancel it, because there was so much anger and misunderstanding, they didn't have a system in Norway.
So Søn Fjord lawyers only chose to say, no, stop.
So they didn't want to.
But
I explained that this is a situation
, and
they don't have anything.
So we got one of them, and one of the people we have a contact with, got the opportunity to take over.
He was in contact with us, so he couldn't take the matter.
But we had to have a host case, or a host lawyer.
It's interesting that the lawyers have been so involved, that they actually protect the child.
I understand, this is a bit of a hassle.
There is so much nonsense to be said.
Søn Fjord lawyers, he was on his way to the holiday, this was in May-June.
He told me that we can't show you all of this, we can.
But we have had cases in the team with the child welfare earlier, and there was so much anger and misunderstanding, and the system didn't work.
I wasn't ready for that.
And
I understood that this was the main reason that they didn't want to take it.
Because then they are against child welfare, against something they were on my team before.
And I said, you know, that's fine, so
I decided to go further and check the next lawyer firm,
but they too.
Oh yes, it's child welfare.
And when they asked, I said, child welfare?
And they said, oh.
And yes, okay, it's them there.
And no, then it was like, no, we just have to apologize, but you know what, we don't have time.
And
then it's like, okay, they say they don't have time, but
I think it was rather that, you know what, we don't want that case.
So then it went on.
So it was such a bad time that we went with a vice-lawyer from
Søn Fjord lawyers, that period when we cut the roof and this went.
Until we found out that when our lawyer we have today came to the court and said, okay, now I can help you.
So above all we left everything to him, then he oversteered them too.
And sent uproar and such.
But I was not aware that there were people up here who could not afford child welfare locally.
Me and he reacted to the Kofjørn world.
Three, four companies around, all.
And they were sick away.
It says a little about how they keep up and how they work.
And it was that if they had used one of the lawyers up here, I would have often gone to the end of it.
Could they have taken so much documentation from 2007 if they had not had a role?
I think, can it be so simple that they deliberately chose to
take on a role?
Because it was him we had in connection with child welfare in Skjell
2007.
He sits on everything.
He sits on everything from A to B. All documents, all details, history and everything.
But it was not Frederick's thing, he still has more.
Yes, yes, yes.
But then
I got the feeling that if they had had one of the others, they would not have had so much documentation as he has today.
So
I thought to myself, this is something they will go through, this is something they will win without
any doubt, then we have to use a role.
Because he has everything, he gets through it.
But what we got to know now in the TING-Retten, a dialogue between us and our lawyer, is about child welfare.
He is used.
Yes, but our lawyer companies, they
can't just let him go.
They just... No.
When
I spoke to our lawyer in private, I said that
I can't let him go
, I think he is totally crazy.
Then we get a message back, that you are not alone.
From the same company.
I said the same thing, he is totally crazy.
You get grilled here from morning to night.
Because they are always talking about history, and history, and history.
The only thing
I would say, it seems like the hypothesis that we have to find something negative.
We have to win.
Okay, then we go back to the story.
And then you find things, but then there is no relevance to today's situation, the employment, something.
It's like a social stamp.
Yes, very.
I found a report from 1983, have
I?
People change, it happens.
Otherwise you wouldn't be a psychologist, right?
That's why you go to a psychologist to change your mind.
And if they say that because you had some program 20 years ago.
It affects the youth, I would say.
It's very sad.
I see here, the second report is what the court supports.
It's a big part of the second report.
Through the whole court's assessment.
He had three months, he had only three hours more.
Of three months.
How much did he or she see?
Jenny.
The psychologist?
There were three people in the team with his father Sundia.
Who was that?
He was Audun Abelsnes.
He was a psychologist.
He was a lawyer for Tinggræ.
He made observations.
He had
five points.
He was a lawyer for Tinggræ.
A mandate.
He came here first.
He gave presentations.
He told us where he came from and what his job was.
And he told us again.
Our history, who we are, what plans we have.
What we actually work with.
It was a very pleasant conversation.
He wasn't scared or stressed.
That's
often the case.
You should be friends with them.
We noticed that.
He showed great understanding.
He was more human.
That was the first thing.
It was until a time.
It went for almost a month.
Or two or three weeks.
Then we were supposed to meet.
At a hotel in Sundfjord.
In Skandigen.
He was going to do a video interview.
With individual speakers.
So it was just us and him.
Then we were supposed to give a description.
Of our daughter.
And how we saw the drawings.
He had his explanation.
Mine as well.
But this was part of his job. We were with him.
She was in foster home.
That was in
2007.
She was placed.
When did he arrive?
He arrived in 2018.
He was a psychologist.
The first meeting was here.
The next one was at the hotel.
With a lot of people.
When did he see you and Jenny?
In a meeting.
A meeting?
We had three meetings.
Three in Sundfjord.
One meeting here.
Three meetings in Sundfjord.
Where did he see you and Jenny?
When did you film?
If it was 2018, how old was Jenny?
She was one year old.
She turned 30 in May.
We had meetings in January, February and
March.
It was before she was one year old.
So she grew up.
So you slept most of the time together?
It took an hour.
We just had a verbal dialogue.
I expected her to wake up.
But during the meeting, I remember that he was trying to get her out of bed.
He got some feedback.
I saw that my time was about to run out.
It was about 1.30-2 o'clock.
She was about to wake up.
There were some observations on me.
And him.
And then we slept with Jenny.
But the first mother was there.
The first father was there.
And the second mother was there.
And the third mother was there.
Was it inside a room?
Inside the common area.
Inside the private room.
So there are some disturbing elements.
Yes, we felt that too.
You have no control over the setting.
You are put in a setting.
And there you are going to show... We saw the observations from outside.
But we saw many times that Jenny could......
search for us.
Both me and him.
But the first mother was more like that.
She was more around.
And that's because Jenny walked the same way.
She disturbed the whole observation.
She was a part of it.
And it's clear how you are going to handle that.
It was their consideration......that was going to be observed.
Not a disturbing element.
And Jenny reacts to the first mother.
Which probably......
was more valuable than you.
Only grown-ups.
But when we tried to correct this......by going to the doctor and saying that it's not possible......
to change that, why they
have to be there......
or can they be
somewhere else.
It was because when the child care service said......that this was going to happen in the foster home......in a team with the foster mother or the foster father......it was best for Jenny.
To secure her base.
Then it should just happen like that.
That's pretty sad.
That's because when
Eger came......and we were supposed to meet
Jenny......
and she was looking after us......we had said that we weren't willing to go against her.
We didn't want her to save
us.
So we waited a bit
until she was......
examined by us directly.
But we also saw all the time......that the foster mother was going after her.
So when
Jenny... When she left, the foster mother......
was constantly trying to disturb
Jenny's contact.
How long after......
she was taken to the maternity hospital?
Yes, because when
I was born......in May 30th......she came as the ward manager.
She could say that it wasn't me who called her.
She could say that it wasn't me who called her.
No, no, no, in no way.
But she could say that the ward manager......in three weeks before she was born......
had received a message from the child welfare......and contacted them as soon as Jenny was born.
But she wasn't
taken there.
She was
taken to South-Mansk.
So you were offered to go to South-Mansk?
Yes.
This was Pins, so it wasn't open there.
You weren't given
a message about that.
So they wanted to......
to go to the maternity hospital.
Yes, because when they came together......
she was born on May 5th, 6, 30th.
Then they came
at 11.12.
I had received a message that they were coming.
You didn't know exactly when they were coming.
They came in and introduced themselves.
I didn't understand anything.
No one had given me a message about......that they would be introduced as soon as
I was born.
And as soon as
I was born, they came in.
Everything went so fast.
When they came in and introduced themselves......
I said, what's going on?
We're here because we're very worried.
We received some worried messages from the youth.
They didn't want to
go into the conversation......
about what it was.
But they were so worried that they thought......
we have to do something.
They had a box like this, an A4-box.
They had a box like this, an A4-box.
They had a box like this, an A4-box.
They wrote down that they would show their will......
to a protest in Symanska.
A short protest in Toruka.
Did they say anything if they didn't sign?
They took it back.
A voluntary action?
Yes, that's what
I said to him.
They said, sign or else......you can use a gun on your head.
I was so angry at you.
He just couldn't stand it.
He was so angry.
He was so angry.
I said to them, if they don't sign......
what's going on?
It's a voluntary action.
We've made it here.
We were in Symanska for two weeks.
A short protest.
I told them, I've been so angry......that you were born a few hours ago.
But the Symanska protest is so big......and so big that we're so scared.
We're
very scared.
No one had actually seen you in action with the children?
No.
I'm just saying that......when you were in a hospital......when you got help
from the staff......
it wasn't
an accident.
She was born on a regular basis.
There were no complications.
It went well and she was able to stand it.
I got positive feedback from the parents.
The teacher herself.
She said that you were doing well.
You have a good relationship.
You're very good at talking to her.
You're very good at talking to her.
She saw that this was a good match.
I asked her, what are you afraid of?
Is it something
I don't know what you've said?
No, you know what?
From here on out......
as long as you're here, we don't have
any concerns.
So those who have seen you with the children......
they have no concerns.
But a grandmother who's been digging for 20 years......and talking nonsense......
she's very concerned.
And the grandparents have seen us with the children.
The grandparents only follow the grandmother.
It's almost like
I can write here......
that I'm afraid of this and that.
And then you come and say, we're doing a research project.
I'm
very concerned.
Why is that?
Because it's here.
That's how we interpret it.
It has nothing to do with the actual reality.
They don't have...
Let's put it this way.
They don't have a second here.
If they were so scared, they could have called the door......and asked if we could come.
The law says that you should......
first try out the measures.
And
I think we know now......
that the Southman are not taking measures.
So they haven't tried out the measures.
They've just sent it to you.
And most likely they wrote that it was for the 14th day.
Because then it's
quite certain to get a report......
for the first 14 days.
Or the Southman will do.
They'll probably just get to know you.
Because you didn't get any help in the 14 days.
You just were there.
They observed and wrote.
When we went to the side, they came back.
They were very active in the first days.
And then, when they came on the first day......and worried about the message being sent......
they were very scared.
But they didn't explain......
the practical part......
in how they would
handle the so-called......
over-movement.
From me, who was just born......
to us, who were supposed to be in the city......
and be at the Southman for two weeks.
The point was......
here is a note, here you have to sign this.
Everything else, which I would spend more time on......
the code and why...
It wasn't interesting to hear?
I had to go with it.
I had to go back and forth between days
before
I got clothes.
She didn't get to go home and pack.
So how long were you at the Southman?
We were there from June 30.
She was the head of the department.
May 30.
She wrote me out on June 30.
That was the date of the delivery.
I was done with it.
But then she came......that date and the delivery call......
that they had before they sent me home.
I got a message that
I could go home.
She said that some of the children's friends called again......and told them that
I couldn't go home.
Why?
So you had to stay a little longer?
Yes, because when we had already signed......the free-car ride to the Southman......
I was signed out of the delivery.
But I was signed out of the delivery upstairs......to the hospital.
How long did you have to stay there?
Until June 6. We had to get there straight away.
Under the supervision of two medical students.
I was......
not always in control.
There was nothing that was clear.
You were born on the 30th.
One week later you had been in the hospital......and you were there until you were sent to Southman.
And then you were taken to Southman?
The point was that......we had to go to a hospital.
When I had the check-up date......
on June 3......
we were supposed to travel
there.
Then there was a counter-message......
with a new change.
Since it was closed, they closed it.
And because
I wasn't
going home......
they told me to stay at the hospital.
With a follow-up from the staff at the delivery.
I wasn't allowed to go home.
So
I had to stay there until June 6.
But after June 6......you went to Southman in Bergen?
We had to rent our cars......
and drive ourselves.
Yes, that's where we were.
Were you there for 14 days?
We were there from
June 6 to June 20. We were supposed to be discharged on June
21. June 20 was... We had a check-up......
a so-called evaluation meeting......
with the child welfare agency on June 6. We had our own car, so we rented it.
They had their own car, so they drove themselves.
And when we arrived on June 6......the room wasn't arranged.
They didn't have a system......
in relation to this.
There wasn't a proper room for the child welfare agency.
So they had to arrange that.
They didn't have a list of rooms.
When we arrived there, we actually got a room.
We waited for more than two hours.
So there was no room for the child welfare agency?
We got a room, but it was a small room.
It was a small room.
We said that there was no room for us or her.
No.
I think that was the most......
the most......
reasoning.
When we arrived, we thought that they had a plan.
We were going to arrive, get a room......
check in, put the luggage away......and wait until we had a meeting that day at
2 o'clock.
Then the child welfare agency would be there.
Okay.
You arrived there, nothing was ready.
You had to wait a bit.
Then you got a room.
Tell us about the process.
What did you experience?
Was it an introduction meeting?
They had a so-called introduction meeting.
When we first came in, we were told that you could sit here.
We had a full luggage, a child welfare
agency...
They had a room for themselves to discuss.
But no one came over and said, I'll take care of it, and you'll be here.
You were left alone?
And as a hotel, you checked in, there's the room, go ahead.
So when we came down......we heard that it was strange and people were going......but we ended up leaving ourselves.
You went to a coffee room?
Was it the first day?
No, and we were expected to get a room.
We had the same day
, at 2 o'clock, with the child welfare agency.
We had a contact person in South-Monska.
They were supposed to make a schedule.
With different tasks.
Or jobs.
Things you were supposed to do.
But then it became......
a bit of a mess.
We had to go to the doctor.
But then it became like this......while we had the meeting, the others worked there......
to get
a room.
They were helpful in getting the room......and bringing in the things.
And then when we were done with the meeting......and she was Ligne, as she was called......
she was down there in Simon's Ground.
Then we gave ourselves......
a message about what we wanted.
I gave a message very early on......
that
I wanted to show that
I am good enough......
to live and do the tasks
I was told to do.
They were willing to say, that's fine......
it's good that you say that.
Then we kept that in mind.
They had a very understanding......
of my family, with a newborn baby.
They thought it was very good.
And it was allowed for us......
to say that it was good.
But then it became......that when we got out of the room......
they said that we were supposed to come......
at the afternoon or evening.
But nobody came.
We didn't know anything.
We sat there and he said......that we shouldn't have come here.
We didn't know anything.
So we did it ourselves......
because we had to buy food.
As a regular family in a community.
The next day Ligne came.
She went in and introduced herself......and said that we were here for you.
If you need anything, you can ask.
If you have any questions, just ask.
We are here to help.
Are you insecure?
Otherwise we could do as we wanted.
We had to report if we went out......out of the door, because we had to lock ourselves......
from a prison cell.
We had to report if we went out.
We had to report if we went out.
How long are you going to be here?
It was like going out of a prison cell.
It was like going out of a prison cell.
On the way there were no observations.
On the way there were no observations.
I was still in the bathroom.
I was still in the bathroom.
I slept a lot when she slept.
When she was at the door, he told me......that someone was at the door, but
I told him......
that you were sleeping.
We'll come
back later.
Later I don't want to say......that it could be too late.
There were no observations, as we thought......
when we arrived.
According to you, there were observations all the time.
But you didn't see much time.
It was a weekend, for example.
What was the first weekend?
We didn't see anyone.
We were alone, because there was a check-out.
They had such permissions.
We were alone in the department.
We did what we wanted.
Of course, there could
be people at work, but we didn't see anything.
I was invited to see the other side.
When you felt that you were being observed......
did anyone look at you when you were sleeping?
Did anyone look at you when you were sleeping?
How long could our observation last?
It was always from...
The question is how long you had to travel.
It was sometimes they could be there for half an hour......
just to see without doing anything.
And sometimes they could
be there for an hour or two.
They said, this is fine, don't disturb it when it's dark.
I'll be back.
I reacted when I arrived.
When she was sleeping and the boy reacted......the sound was......
like a snoring.
I saw that the boy realized......
that there were three people there.
They weren't supposed to be there.
They reacted to the other people.
I saw that.
That's not our fault.
It was like that on the 14th day......
on Syrmanske.
They came to see us once, but not for many days.
And then they came again.
When the 14th day came to an end......did you notice any change in the staff?
No, it was......it was said that when we had been there for a week......
they had a summary.
Then the child services came down.
They were only there three times.
For two weeks.
I stayed home for a week or a few days.
And then you were at home once.
He had to go home because the boy was going to school up here.
In Flekke.
Then he got permission from
Synmanske......
and me, who is a child services officer, that he would go home to his son.
Because then they had school to finish for summer vacation.
Right.
Then it was just me and Gernie Verne.
But then the atmosphere was very different.
Because when me and him were in a team......we were in a group of three.
Then you have witnesses on what happened.
But when you suddenly become alone...
Then two or three people
stormed the door.
After a while, when
I had been there......and we had been there when he came back......
it was Line, who was our contact person
at Synmanske.
She told me that they were going to have a film shoot.
In a couple of minutes, ten minutes or something.
And then
I thought to myself......
what is that?
I don't understand.
She told me.
Then she said that we were going to use the film as an evaluation.
And as a kind of a pointer.
But then it was decided that we had to choose.
He didn't choose to sign on it.
So then it was a film shoot between me and Gernie.
In about five minutes.
But then we never got to see it.
It was never shown.
What did they shoot?
It was the same film shoot between me and Gernie.
What did you do?
Did you lie?
Did you eat?
Do you remember?
No, I was lying.
I was lying and lying.
When
I had lied to her, she lay down.
Then she started to......
she started to crawl.
Or she started to crawl like a normal person.
But the filming wasn't used.
But the comments in the film......were written down and used against us.
We didn't get to see the film.
So what was said in the film?
That was used when it was written down, but not......
the film itself wasn't shown.
And then you were...
Did you get any guidance at some point?
How should you do it?
Or how should you do it?
You had two children before, so you had tried this before.
Last thing on the sign.
What happens?
Is it an evaluation meeting?
It's an examination meeting.
At that meeting, me and Hanson were sitting......
and
I was like this again.
And then...
I was on the arm.
And then they had some reports......
about how the film was going on the last two weeks.
And shared some information about it.
And then it was said from the child welfare......that we should get a further map-making......containment on the sign language.
But not on the cut-out of the film.
It's going to be on the same centre with another department.
That was the child welfare's recommendation to sign language.
That the parents need all the resources they can get.
And then the child welfare said, that's right.
But then we'll do it like this......that you get a map-making-containment here.
The observations they
made when they were with us......
were just to see if they were correct.
And then they said, that's right.
So nothing was returned to you?
No.
What happened then?
Nothing more in the South-Mansk?
No.
They just took a cut-out of the film and sent it here.
And then they got it back.
If I take away the sign language from here......
from the mandate from the South-Mansk......
there it says, that in the meeting
I gave mom an expression......
from the fact that she agreed that the staff were observers.
And gave a simple feedback about her care.
But she didn't want much guidance.
But she wanted to show who she was as a mother.
Because the parents decided to sign a contract......and agreed to film the film.
Then they would concentrate it with their advocates.
And then they would concentrate it with their advocates.
Then they would concentrate it with their advocates.
Yes.
The meeting point with the child welfare services was cancelled......
after a week.
And
at the end of the meeting.
Then the contract was cancelled and the staff were to contact......
the Sandslige Health Station for the health control staff.
When we were in the South-Mansk we had the Sandslige Health Station.
Which had the controls.
When we were done with the check-out on the 20th of June......
they said, bang, we'll take
Jenny back for the trip.
This was done half a year ago.
So we didn't have to do that.
We just had to go around because the boat was sold.
And then when we left......
I hadn't met
Jenny.
I didn't know her.
I was in the middle of the food process.
And then I and her were sitting there.
And we were watching what was happening.
They said we were going to have a long-term care.
But not here.
But we couldn't keep that.
Then the South-Mansk came and said, you know what?
It's not funny.
A long-term care can be taken away.
They told it to the child welfare services.
The child welfare services said, go out.
They took some phones out of the way.
And then we had her from Sunde.
She was there.
Her name was Sunde.
She had a dialogue with us about what we meant and what we didn't.
She recommended that we do a yes to this.
So when they came in again, I said, you know what?
Yes, okay, we'll do it.
But they said, no, we can't.
You're not the North-Mansk.
You have nothing to do here.
Then they went around, took her from us.
She yelled and screamed hysterically.
We went in the hallway and were crushed.
We heard that she was very worried.
There was an echo in the hallway.
And then they were transporting her from
Bergen to Zongdalen.
It's very interesting if you look at how they take away children.
They do it like this.
At 0.0 nicks.
The child screams, stresses, away from mom.
Akka drives Amr.
Then it doesn't mean any use or anything.
But if you after a month get to know, for example, that the child is going back, then it's the opposite.
Then we have to spend weeks and months on the return.
The child has to get used to the parents again.
You see the madness of this.
When it fits the children, it's just to take them.
When they have lost, they have to slowly process back again.
Then they will follow all knowledge.
But when they take the child, it doesn't matter at all.
This is called the child's best.
Then you went home.
The child was sent to foster home or care home or something like that.
It was a care home, a cut-place.
Not via the name of the village.
The explanation of the cut-place.
And you probably didn't get there.
It didn't go so well.
What was the foundation that the name of the village used?
Was it the Southman?
The motherland?
The children's shelter that built on the Southman and the motherland.
Because the children's shelter had never seen or observed it.
No, it was only at those meetings.
Only
at those meetings.
But you said something about that there were no employees in the children's shelter.
It was from Aleris.
Yes, it was when we were on the mountain road up there.
Yes, it was after the migration happened and you were on the mountain road.
Then someone new came from Aleris, a native of Aleris, to observe the mountain road.
Did you get any information on what kind of skills these people had?
No.
Were they psychologists?
No, nothing.
I just got a message that there was someone in Forsvongdalen.
Nobody told
me where they were from.
No.
It was not clear.
They were all in the same room.
They observed two people.
The first time there were two.
Two?
Plus the parents, plus you and Jenny.
So there were seven people when you were to be observed in relation to Jenny.
And then you went one after another.
And then we went from seven to six.
But still, for a young child, a lot to relate to.
You can't focus on that.
They have one child at three, so they have four.
In the foster home?
She was a foster daughter from before.
And they were also there?
No, she was in the same room as her parents.
She went to the kindergarten again.
How far away were the foster parents?
They were in a small room.
In the living room.
The foster parents were there, and the child was in the living room.
If we sit like this, she sits in the living room over there.
The foster parents were quiet or were they talking together?
They were talking, but all of them.
So all of them talked to each other.
And in this, you should focus on the girl.
Answer the questions.
Keep the dialogue that was clearly going on in the room.
And this was the observation.
You see when you start to set up your eyes, it doesn't matter.
There is something called reactivity, to react to what is being observed.
And here it's not just one person sitting, here are the foster parents.
This is a stressful situation, obviously.
You miss your daughter.
We try to make as good a picture as we can.
Everything becomes artificial.
Destroying elements.
Did you see anything in these reports?
The reports from
Aleris have it, right?
Do you remember if there is something there about
...
That they have affected the observation?
That they were a disturbing element?
That they recognize it?
That they take responsibility for it?
No, there is nothing there.
No, because what it is, is that with the speech...
From the caretaker, in relation to the case we were in, in the court...
He answers that the parents don't recognize themselves in the child care system.
The child care system and the right to name their child care system, are described as lacking in the care system.
And that they can't give the child care system a good care system in their own.
It is neither the child care system nor the national health system that has taken responsibility for the special frames that were in place during the observation.
And both sides support the assessment that is not representative of the parents' care system and ability.
Because they build on these stressful situations.
They haven't come home to you, where you know where everything is, where you have routines.
And just being
a fly on the wall, and keep your mouth shut, and see how it works.
The best observation would have been to put a camera on the wall and leave.
So that you don't disturb the interaction.
I said that to the parents in the court.
I said that why couldn't we have been alone in a room?
I'm playing around, the children have their own rooms.
And if the parents could sit there, so that you can see the camera and we can have the dialogue.
Then people would think that it would be completely different.
If you know that Jenny has
a family person, a safe person.
Then you know that we can have that dialogue.
But when she is following her, she automatically goes away.
Then we pull ourselves away.
When Jenny was probably pregnant, she hasn't started to walk at this point.
And then the mother in law is there all the time.
What did she do?
Did she lift her up?
Or did she move to another position?
She had a dialogue with me, she talked to me, she smiled at me, she said hello.
And she was like, confirmed to Jenny, yes, but you have promised that.
Yes, you do that, and now you are good.
We also got power because we said mom and dad.
They don't want to hear that.
The grandchildren?
The foster parents.
They didn't like that you called them daughterless.
Mother, father, we are happy with that.
That was a bad thing.
That was right.
They didn't like that we did that.
They didn't want us to be with Jenny and tell her who we are.
I think they were completely unfamiliar with that.
Because she is too young.
She is too young to understand who we are.
If she is too young to understand the words she is probably saying, why did they get involved in that?
This has to do with their self-esteem.
That they feel like parents to Jenny.
But if you come in and believe that, that is what they are responding to.
The brother has not seen her, the brother doesn't believe in her.
Not that there is any harm to
Jenny, that you say hello, here is mom, here is dad.
That is their dialogue with the children.
And that should have been put in a positive way.
But just the fact that she is getting involved in that dialogue, under their observation, that cleans up the whole thing.
It does actually.
That is what we reacted to.
He is a child, he is in charge of video interviews.
Or not video interviews, but video observations.
He was the one who said that.
Then she had contacted me, she played
a bit with our meeting and so on. Then she contacted me and I said, here is mom.
He took that as a negative thing, because
I continuously
said that to her.
And that was a minus in the book.
Did he say why that was negative?
If a mother had never said, if you take this out of your childhood and you are at home, and a mother says, this is mom, I am going to play with mom now.
Then it is a communication you tell the children, you give the children information that is completely fundamental.
Then the foster mother went in once and she said, no, wait a minute.
And then she got involved in that.
And that observation was also used against you.
And then the foster mother said that it was a burden to have a relationship in the home.
With them?
It was said in the witness statements in the court.
It was a burden for Jenny to have so many relationships that we have had so far.
The reason is that she did not have any reaction after the meeting.
And then it was a burden for you.
She does not share between the burden for the foster parents when you came to visit, and the burden for Jenny.
It seems to be mixed together.
And then it was also that it took so much time and that she had no job to go to after autumn.
She is actually a teacher at a girls school, but she did not get any new job.
She is a foster mother?
Yes, she did not have a job until autumn.
What about you two?
It was crazy for us that we did not have a job.
But it did not mention anything that she did not have a job.
It was not mentioned, but we thought it was.
But she was paid to take care of the foster children.
So she had a job.
But she did not have a job until she had too little time with friends and everything.
Then she would have cried softly and cried.
So who would take care of her?
Then it must be him.
He is tied up, they have a rope.
He is busy with the rope, he demands to sit.
If you take a sentence, the eight hours boy, that is what he was up there.
That is a description from Leris.
Then you see here, mother and father met as usual.
Jenny was caught in the prison for foster father.
Then mother and father came.
They greeted out there, that is from Leris, who was new from the children's world today.
They are not from the children's world.
No, they are from Leris.
They went there to say hello to Jenny.
Mother got her up in her arms and sat on the couch with her father.
Mother was
eager to get in touch with Jenny every time she made a sound.
Jenny woke up pretty quickly and was awake throughout society.
She was looking forward to mother, but also father, I think.
Even if father is not able to keep focus on children for a long time.
Mother gave a message quickly that she should change the diaper.
She thought for sure that
Jenny had just washed herself.
The nurse picked up the dandruff and what she needed and let it right for the diaper change.
Without any interventions.
Mother changed the floor with the permission of everyone in the room.
The diaper was neither
a diaper nor a diaper.
The diaper change itself went very well.
It was a good contact between mother and child.
Mother later got two diaper changes.
The parents of the baby told that it had gone well on vacation.
They informed that Jenny had had some problems with her stomach lately.
And works very hard with the treatment.
After the vacation, the milk had been
mixed with malt and Jenny was much more calm.
If you want to have pictures of Jenny, you have to take pictures of her and send them to the child care center.
We can't take pictures of her up there.
Without their consent.
I get reports from the Aleris camp when they have observed it.
Do you feel that it was the reports that were there?
Or are they reports that you don't recognize Jenny?
We were there.
We were informed that when we came to have a meeting,
they wanted a consent letter.
But the point was to get Jenny a consent letter.
Which was in consent to the parents.
Why should they have a consent letter to the parents?
And then they complain that it is a burden.
It is not enough that it is a burden when all of them have to mix and mix.
But what
I think is that it is not Aleris Sjøh who is striving for it.
I think that the parents write a letter to you and you will be able to tell that to the child care center.
That's the way it is.
When they were there, they were in the conversation, they were in the group.
They were very positive and nice.
Nobody took any notes.
That's why
I think that when we were well away, they could have sat down and said that they saw the report.
Then they sent it to them.
Then the report comes from Aleris.
That's why
I don't think that when they were there, I would think that when they were doing observations, then Audun was there.
He saw it, he noted it.
Everything we did.
But what they did after they were gone, I don't know.
We know in any case that everything that comes from the Syngmanse and that report from the Syngmanse is not correct.
We have lost our lives on completely wrong grounds in the connection that it's a lie.
And everyone is resting on the Syngmanse report.
You come anyway, no way.
Syngmanse like this and like that.
And then this with the background of the old and young there and you in the mountain.
That's the background that we are falling behind.
My background from 1983, the old stories, that
I have a boy and a girl.
So his lawyer said that the boy can live with me.
He has lived with me since he was one year old.
Now he is twelve.
That's fine.
I can have him, but I can't have
Jenny.
And what we say now is that we have him as a second person to take care of him.
And here everything is opposite to the fact that we can't get our own daughter home.
And after she comes into the picture, you don't get in touch with me.
Then she is in the way.
I am the dominant in the family.
That's also wrong.
Then it doesn't come to me.
Then it goes to the boy and he uses his brain and says things.
They are looking for something negative so that they can get a conclusion that we take Jenny.
I just raced on my mind.
I have been away from that hundred things through these years.
And when
I look, it's a bit of the same dynamic.
There is someone in this first-line service who is looking for something.
Find a concern.
There is no one who tries to get it to you.
That you should manage it.
They should just look for something that you can't manage.
Because there is no place here where it says that they have put in an application, seen that the application works, the concern is bad, improves itself.
Such things.
There is something missing.
The lawyer should take care of it.
That's what he has reacted to.
It can give me and the boy help.
It's okay to go home with environmental work, but not to go home.
No, not to another child.
Why can't you?
Because if you do that, you live here again.
Then Jenny starts to go home again.
It is obvious that they prevent her from
coming home with various attacks.
In the past, they used arguments that are more effective than they do today.
If they had used this information today, and seen with their own eyes what we actually can't do, then they
should have been able to use it today.
What I mean is that the reports from 2007 and the reports from
1984.
So they have relevance today.
In the end, it is the situation today that matters.
My lawyer said that he has given one report, and that you should go home with the boy.
There was nothing wrong.
And there is no mass question all the time.
They are after him to find something more.
He said that if you had put him in charge, then we should have sent him to a psychologist.
Why should
I do it when he is healthy and fast?
But he is still not irritated.
He called several times after you had given him the report.
They are making him sick.
They are making the whole situation worse.
That is not good.
When we were in charge of the national case last year, we conducted a survey to see who could be the witness.
Yesterday we had the sister of the health officer from Sansle.
We had her as a mother and a mother as a part of the family.
She was there.
Then we had the doctor and the doctor's friend.
The mother was born in Forsythia.
The sister of the health officer from the health station in Sansle.
There was nothing that could point out anything negative about the interaction between me and Jenny.
Or us three in the team.
The objective descriptions you mentioned now, there is nothing.
But the mother of the earth, the child and the South-Manskese, who are the family, are the ones who are used against.
The others are not put on the table.
There is bias at the starting point.
The negative thing is not to get this.
We have to change the case negotiator.
Both of us are daily tenants.
I got a new case negotiator.
If there was anything, she would contact her.
Then they mix in Jenny, we have one case negotiator.
That office over there in Dala, there are all the doors to the child welfare office.
He can talk to anyone over there about his own case and Jenny's case.
I can do the same.
The doors are open, so everyone can go in and talk about everything.
Nothing is closed.
But when you meet in the district court, the case is closed.
If you go over there, everything is open.
Then we have got an insight into the history of the child welfare.
The child welfare in Sogndal, Haps, has gone forward against this family.
They used arguments from a mother who openly expressed more racist social issues than what to do with care.
We hope that the law enforcement will see what is important for the children in relation to you.
You see how the child welfare works.
It is not only here in Hapsen, it is also over the Ganske land.
They produce confirmations on their own hypothesis and then they go to remove the child from the family.
We hope that more people out there will wake up.
This story is probably not unique.
You out there probably experienced a lot of the same.
It is important to think that more people get up and report what is really happening.
This is not the
best for the child.
We can end with that.
Okay, then we say thank you to us here in Dale.
It will only get warmer and warmer today.
We will be back soon with a new show.
